Journal Entry 1

2024-06-04  | Tuesday | 5pm

Journal entry number one, fourth of June 2024, Tuesday, 5 PM. This ceremoniously Begins my deep journalling practise. I feel I'll work through for at least one month and then see. This practise aims to answer a question. What do I want? And then I want to get really specific on that - I want to drill down.

I'm also hoping to do some Shadow work as well as manifestation journalling. Honestly, I'm Keen to do it. I, I want to get to the core of what I'm afraid of so it can't scare me so much and the core of what I really want and then focus on how it might happen.

I recall "the universe punishes the vague wish and rewards the specific request" and so that's what I need: specific requests. To do this, to get to this, my practise should be deep, frequent, and structured. I could start creating a framework. "How I got the life of my dreams by deep journalling for three months".

Frequency: three to seven times per week. Length of sessions: 15 to 60 minutes. Props: candles, snacks, music. Tools: pen and paper (notebook). Here's some prompts and challenges: 
- Write a letter from your future self
- Write a letter to your future self
- What did child me need the most?
- What secrets am I hiding and why? 
- What are my biggest fears? 
- What are my wildest dreams? 
- What was I like as a child? 
- Write a letter to my child self. 
- Write a letter from my child self. 
- Gratitude lists. 
- What would I do with unlimited money? 
- What does my dream house look like 
- What does a perfect day look like 
- What impact do I want to have on the world?
- List of affirmations. 
- List of things that spark joy. 
- Happiest, and best memories. 
- Saddest and most traumatic memories. 
- Peak health list. What does Peak Health look like? 
- What is holding me back? What are my limiting beliefs? 
- I feel happiest about myself when ... 
- What are the components of my dream job?
- What are my 10 best qualities? 
- What would I do if I knew I would definitely succeed? 
- Who and what do I most admire? 
- Biggest lessons learnt 
- Journal about music. 

For the first two months,  Do the journalling, For the last month read and pull insights.

Journal Entry 2

2024-06-05  | Wednesday | 10pm

Journal entry number two. Fifth of June 2024, Wednesday on 10 pm. I have my candle, my tea. My instrumental music. I'm wearing Uggs, I have my notebook and my pen. Today I saw a window display of a jewellery shop, so many pretty things. I want jewellery. I want to be worth nice jewellery expensive jewellery.

I want to display it nicely. I want to adorn myself. I want it to be easy. Blue. Pink turquoise shiny silver. Necklaces, rings, layers.

I feel that having another child will be a huge Financial strain. Not just now, but for a lifetime. I'm tossing up whether it's better for our family to have more people and more love, or more resources and security. The answer seems obvious to me but it is hard. The answer is more love.

I need to nurture and repair the relationship so much with Alex. It would have to get worse before it gets better. I think I should message Oli Young about some career counselling - talking to people helps. I'm hoping also talking to myself works, I gotta try. And make sure though that this isn't an echo chamber.

Sometimes, I think about our Fullarton house and I fondly remember the office where I could look out the window, to the garden below. But then I also remember how much I hated living so close to Glenn Osmond Road and how it made me nervous that Ian knew where I livedI.  don't think about Ian much.

Now truth is, I was not my happiest living in that house. I was working at TCP and hating it hating my commute, Alex working away at the farm. I was always alone fully anxious OCD and paranoid fearful of Ian. Then I found Code Like a Girl, maybe that felt like a hand of God that I needed at a time.

So maybe now I hold CLG like a saviour, the community was what I wanted. And then the full-time offer saving me from TCP. But it has never lived up to the god status. Ally couldn't be the cult leader we needed. And she didn't trust anyone enough to be the cult leader in her place because it was her brand.

I have to take stock of what I've gained from my time with CLG figure out what the good that I want more of in the bad that I don't want kind of like, Tim Ferriss yearly review, A reruiter contacted me on LinkedIn to see if I'm interested in opportunities. I think I might be, it's promising and a little bit exciting, that's scary. 

My house in Nairne makes me both happy and sad. Happy because it was the promise of an opportunity. Sad because the hope is waning as we gear out to move in six weeks time. Happy because our baby was conceived here and we have a beautiful memories and comfort for over three years. Happy because it is a home. Sad because it is full of problems that we can't afford to fix. Sad that I couldn't put time into making it a dream house. Happy because of what we did achieve painting the bedroom, the black and white gallery, the kids lawn and sandpit. The Blackboard wall. Sad because Bowie will have to say goodbye to his childhood home. Sad because I don't know if we'll come back. Sad, because I don't know whether I want to come back. There's also the factor that it is the house I bought with my Nana's money as a contribution. It feels like she's a part of this house. 

To my future self: I hope you are calm and happy. I hope your anxiety and angst is at bay. For use, when you truly need it. I hope your day is a filled with love, creativity and comfort. I hope you have people around you. I hope you are busy in a way that you love, and can put projects to bed. I hope you are relaxed. I hope you are careful. I hope you have a community. 

My dream house has a fantastic bathroom. It is warm and spa like I never have to feel cold or uncomfortable. My feet are warned and now fluffy towels and candles are hand. Spa music is pumped in and touch of a button. The lights can dim to ambient tones.


Journal Entry 3

2024-06-06  | 10am

Journal entry Number three. Sixth of June 2024, 10 A.M. "The artist and the engineer should remain in a dance" quote by Grimes. Random thoughts, post gym driving in the rain listening to an interview with Grimes: Ask the CLG Community for podcast recommendations. Restructure CLG Community. CLG easy win, Sarah and Lara.

Ask for a meeting with interesting companies under the guise as for CLG. Ask Kristen from Mod Museum for a meeting. Or to be a mentor. Offer to buy her lunch. Chat to Pip about visiting, some art events for SALA. Encourage Alex to get involved in SALA. Idea for children's art exhibition as part of SALA. Would need a venue.

I just had a call from Emali daycare about booking in a time to chat about Bowie this afternoon. My heart beats so fast for a moment because there's always the thought that something could have happened to him. At this point, I think that's my biggest, most urgent fear: Something happening to him something bad, obviously. It's not always top of mind, but it's always on standby. Maybe with the fear already in me, and when I say fear, I mean anxiety. I can do some fear journalling and fear setting. It's not fun as manifestation journalling, but just as vital And I only have 10 minutes.

I think the imposed time limit helps, I fear that the right side of my body is weaker than the left and will only get worse and more noticeable. Side note, the importance of journalling every day is that you bring a variety of moods. Instead of just journalling when you're in the right headspace - that creates bias - I fear not being able to keep up a fitness program because I'm on a yo-yo of sickness.

I fear the chronic health conditions, I fear ageing in my body falling apart. I fear that happening to the people I love. I fear Alex's denial of his own health. I fear the unknown.  I fear Bowie having an autoimmune condition.

In general, a death, my death, the deaths of loved ones and friends of celebrities, and world leaders. Those people in the community. I fear conversations about death, I fear not being in denial of it. I even fear the word. I fear talking about it with anyone. When I was younger and my mum died, I had such a fixation on death and mortality that I thought I was weird and it was a source of shame.

I fear losing the ability to write with my hands. I fear ChatGPT taking away my need to write ever again. I have so many fears. I'm afraid. I'll never capture them. I fear running out of Valium and not getting another script. I'm afraid of microplastics in my organs.

I'm afraid I'm going to accidentally poison my child. I fea not having enough time. I fear running out of time. It may be my biggest fear, as well as my most daily fear, as I meticulously craft my to-do list.

Journal Entry 4

2024-06-07

General entry number four, Friday. 7th of June 5 PM.

Sometimes, I think I want to make music. Produce music electronic music. But then I think Sarah, you had your chance. I tried to study this nearly two decades ago. Mind you More than anything. I need to get over my limiting beliefs and insecurities held from that time. When I was 18, studying music tech at Uni and just not getting it.

Feeling like an idiot falling behind getting drunk doing assignments at 2 A.M in the music building. So I could hide from everyone. The other thing, I don't know if I really want it or I've just romanticised it. For example, I thought I wanted to be a YouTuber and make YouTube videos but when I did that a few times for CLG, I didn't really care one way or the other.

I suppose in the end, the appeal of YouTube was that I love watching internet videos. I liked the creativity and freedom to create the democracy of the platform and the idea that people were making six figure salaries from making videos in their houses, It seemed appealing, but I knew it came with frustrations limitations uncertainty and burnout.

So what would appeal to me about music production? I love Grimes' music for example, and I just wish I could make music like that. I don't know why. I love the storytelling of music. I love how it can change how people feel. I remember being in a deep depression at the start of 2021 and hearing Death Cab's cover of Waterfalls, for the first time, Making me feel something I had forgotten. I cried. It is important. In fact, it may be one of the only important things.

 Random Insight: drinking a cup of tea is not as important as having a cup of tea. 11 pm. At this rate, I'm going to need a new Journal before two months is up. I suppose it is a two-month or end of Journal for the review.

June tarot cardL the devil. Keystone for the month. What can I keep in mind as my Keystone for this month? As things with CLG are weird and we prepare to move house. Try to come to terms with secrets, you've held close out of shame or regret. Tarot journalling, June the devil.

Where focus goes, energy flows. I won't give my focus to the devil, the devil brings a negative cloud. The devil makes situations seem overwhelming. Best course of actionL Don't forget your head. slow down, plan, carefully. Be cautious, get second opinions. To everything there is a season. I won't be able to have the perfect outcome.

I'm hoping to avoid adversity, but things will change. And I can grow from challenges.


Journal Entry 5
2024-06-09

Journal entry number five, ninth of June Sunday, 1 pm, Victor Harbour.
I wish I could easily play the piano. I sat at the piano at Victor Harbour imagining my fingers raining over the keys. But I'm not practised. I don't have the memory in my muscles. I want Bowie to learn.

I wish my parents had encouraged me learning the piano but then my life would have been different. So I don't wish to change the past, I can only affect changes now and in the future. I have very few regrets. I think when we are at Charleston, I could dedicate sometime daily to practising.

I will have to consider a walking route around the farm so I can keep my steps up while I'm working for CLG. Working remote. I want to keep a rhythm of gym, or walk, or yoga, every day. Preferably two out of three every day. Lunch every day is salad or vegetables.

Journalling, reading, piano, meditation. I think a 4 out of seven, spread is reasonable:four hours for work, three hours for exercise homework, personal projects, journalling reading piano lunch. Things would be different if and when I got a new job. But for now the 4/7 split feels right. 

I think I have a migraine this weekend.

I got my period yesterday and my whole right side is both incredibly weak and Incredibly tense. It was making me anxious, especially pain in my head. But I now feel pressure around my eyes. Making me think migraine Also, my sinuses are stuffy. I need to book that sinus scan.

I need to stop being afraid and just look book down these appointments. It's okay to be afraid. My anxiety was so high yesterday in the forest and driving. Maybe fluctuating level six to seven out of 10. I want to feel at Peak Health, I'm so down from being sick.

When do I get a chance to recover? What damage gets done. I'm so excited about the people from TikTok using the internship app. Of which I have built. Most especially all the features they'll be using. Now, I can say Tik Tok used my app. I do feel, I still need to work hard to improve the app. I feel some angst thinking about Lara and even Ally working on it. I'm really proud of myself for getting so far as a full stack developer in the past year. I get so excited thinking about the other things, I could build, but it's hard to find the time energy clarity and headspace.

If I'm spending five hours on a computer in one day, that's bad enough. I can't be computer face all day like I used to anymore. My body won't let me but I should improve my habit of using the standing desk, more frequently, standing desk, plus remedial massage or physio treatment.

If I knew I would definitely succeed, these are the things I would do: Have a large family. Have an intentional Community on a property. Be a rock star or a pop star and put on a big show. Write and direct / slash produce a musical. Launch a tech company. Write fiction books or stories or screenplays? Write a non-fiction book. Write a children's book. Be a children's entertainer. Write and record children's songs. Create an interactive experience of intrigue and play for the young and young at heart. Host an exhibition. Host an art exhibition. Grow a huge cut flower garden. Become a weight lifter. Have a music studio and produce music. Work for a cool U.S tech company. Creative podcast. Create a kids entertainment empire. Be an electronic musician.

Journal Entry 6
2024-06-09

Journal entry number six, ninth of June 10.30 p.m. Victor Harbour. I can hear the ocean. I am listening to Japanese Lo-Fi. I just poured myself a glass of red wine. My migraine is slowly waning. I want to leave it all in the page. I want to totally clear my head and transfer it here, but I'm scared.

Also, if I plan to read it aloud and transcribe it and have it reviewed by AI, that is also kind of scary. I suppose that's where I could create my own chat GPT powered app, so I'm not feeding the data directly to Google. Actually genius idea. What if I create an AI app and feed it?

The internship app, the code of the internship app so I could use it to speed up development. And Ally and Lara could use it too. I'd love to spend a few hours prototyping that. I've been window shopping online this weekend. At the moment, my "dress for the job you want" wardrobe is chunky, white sneakers. Colourful, dad slacks, high-waist wide leg, crop tops, and sweaters, and bomber jackets, and graphic tees. Lots of silver. Jewellery, long, choppy hair and graphic, eyeliner. Sometimes I wish I was young again but it's okay. I can still be cool. Hot desirable Etc. 

I got what I wanted. A child, an openish relationship a house, a career with some money. But I stopped asking for what I want because I got scared. What do I want? Resources and money. Why? So I can have beautiful things, and beautiful spaces and travel and create without limit. So, I don't have to be scared of not having enough. So I can feel free enough to become an artist. I have some ideas that I want to be a tech futurist and I want to read lots of books about AI and get back into the AI book club. I want to read science fiction. Things I've read in the past are slowly coming true. But I've been out of it for so long. Am I interested in it? I think so. I really liked going to mod with Alex and Bowie. I loved the Futurism aspect of it. I do look up to Kristen Alford and I want to know more about her career as a futurist.

I also loved the Mirror Mirror exhibition and the light Museum in Japan. I'm keen to check out Illuminate Adelaide in July. I also loved the Christmas lights last year. Something about light play attracts me, electric light dream. I love being near the ocean. It does something to me on a cellular level.

I love the idea of being an entertainer, it's such good brain chemicals performing live. Feeling the room, hearing the applause, feeling people's joy and delight. And I really love entertainment. I love Drag Race, for example, for its entertainment velue, the costumes, the show, the stage behind the scenes, talking heads, documentary, gossip, colour, lights music, personas, chemistry, storylines, conflict growth, championship.

I watched the Amazing Drumming Monkeys and Montsky Mouse on stage, and thought I for sure could do that. Performing at the Hopporrees were some of my best experiences ever, making little kids happy and sing and dance is the purest delight. Today, some teenagers were blowing bubbles in the park. Bowie ran with glee trying to pop them. Bubbles near the playground is a recipe for joy.

Deep deep deep. How deep can we go? I loved the Barbie movie and I think that if it came out when I was 19, I would have watched it in my bedroom every night while I smoked weed. I used to smoke so much. I couldn't bear to be sober sometimes.

Once I smoked weed, at like, 8am then drove 30 minutes down south road, to work at a primary school and teach nine-year-olds to play clarinet. My mental health, addiction anxiety, whatever it is has been with me for decades. And I kid myself to think I'm in control of it now. I suppose I just know the shape of it better.

Journal Entry 7
2024-06-10

Journal entry number seven. Tenth of June Monday, 9 30 p.m. public holiday. I'd love to dive more into things that have interested me throughout my life. But first, maybe a brain dump. I'm tired more tired than I thought. I feel like I'm sick again or like I'm full of scar tissue.

Today, we went to the beach at Victor Harbour and it was beautiful. Rough, cold covered in seaweed and hidden treasures. I love the beach. Every condition is beautiful, sunny, warm, windy, cold. I'm kind of hungry and think I just want red wine and chocolate but I'll probably regret that. I'm trying to rebuild my system with healthier choices.

I also feel like I need a new show so I'm not losing time on TikTok. Bridgerton, White Lotus, Hacks. I'm so resistant to being sucked into something new right now. I don't need a new obsession. Okay, here we are. 

When I was a child, I was afraid of dance classes, and the bully girls and my bully teacher, but I love to dance. I love the costumes and the shows,the hairspray, the makeup, the stage, the timing. I love the concerts with stories like Wizard of Oz and I also loved the variety shows. I loved watching the older girls dance. So expressive, so much grace. I was best at the character dancers. But I loved being so in control of my body, I loved the satisfaction of muscle memory of storytelling of moving my body and choreography to the music. I quit dance because it was a toxic environment. 

But I found another show - Peter Pan - by a random dance school in Belair. I played a fairy and a pirate and maybe even a lost boy. I love the dance studio and the beautiful property. I liked that. The people were nicer though. I was still shy and felt a little PTSD. I loved the cold weather, warming up through dance. The whole of costumes from years of collecting, seeing the story come to life. Seeing the pieces fit together. Being with a group of entirely new people and feeling secure doing a vulnerable thing. Because I for sure felt comfortable on a stage. I befriended a girl named Laura with curly hair and I eventually befriended the other girls my age too. 

After Peter Pan, I found Gang Show, or it found me. It covered so much of what I was looking for. It had the social rigidity and cult-like welcoming of Scouts and Guides it. Had dancing. Singing acting costume, stage, makeup sets, crew, dressing rooms, and show week. Oh, I loved show week. The bonding and friendships were stronger than any I had ever experienced.

I've also been thinking about the Muppets. Why I love the Muppets. Other than I love their fuzzy, heads and expressive faces. I think that I love that it's about Show Business.

Kermit is the showrunner and stage manager. It's a comedy of errors when things go wrong on stage. I'm not interested in perfect theatre. I like when things are a little rough, I loved. I loved playing sax in Weird Theatre and Simply Thrash being drunk dressed as a cowgirl blasting my horn, it didn't make lots of sense and it wasn't Elder Con level. I struggled in the wind band at the con, the clarinet players was so fantastic and I was so green. Everyone was so quick and I was so slow. 

Maybe that's why I didn't join the Harmummies because I was struggling with sight reading and relived my own trauma. Or it was because I didn't like the music. Or I didn't feel confident enough to leave Bowie. Or I thought the director had weird energy and she took a dig at Emma Watkins. for the record. I love Emma Watkins. She is inspirational to me. Side note. I also intended to journal about my heroes and the people who inspire me, Perhaps also I can journal on the people and want to be surrounded by I'm also keen to pull some threads of interests outside of Performing Arts.

How did I make the leap into Tech? I do love computers. They're like, a brain. A machine electricity. I liked hacking, the Sims. And I felt so powerful and creative. I really love simulation computer games. I think about playing video games all the time at the moment. Don't starve, Theme Hospital, Minecraft. I was watching Jaffa Factory recently too and reminded how joyful and soothing Yogscast has been to me.

Journal Entry 8
2024-06-11

General entry number eight eleventh of June 9.30 p.m. Tuesday. All day I've been obsessing over Slip Away, the song by Perfume Genius.

I have been on a trip of dreamy pop. This one is the top I'm going through. I think it is the best song I've ever heard. I can't stop listening. It's so textural. So rich so evocative. It's a mature love song. "Oh love they'll never break the shape we take".

I listen to the Song Exploder episode of that song today and it was so inspiring. I also listened to Song Exploder for the district sleeps alone tonight and Marry Me Archie. Both are favourites of mine. And I also listened to Pink Pony Club. And watch the music video multiple times.

God, what have you done? You're a pink pony girl and you dance at the club. Chappell Roan is something else. All of these artists are inspiring to me. I have lots of limiting beliefs, like I'm past my prime. Who am I kidding? That I could be a musical artist like that.

When I was a kid, I wanted to be an actor. People discouraged me to pursue it as a career. I tried a few auditions when I was young, but I froze in front of the camera. I was meant for the stage. I just didn't know the difference when I was 10.

In high school I said, I wanted to be an actor as a career. Teachers, discourage me said, I should pursue something else. I loved music and I was encouraged within parameters. I wanted to learn piano, but that was too expensive. I learnt clarinet instead. I self-taught guitar and keyboard and got asked: "why aren't you practising your clarinet? Why are we playing for lessons?" That was my mum. Encouraged me within limitations, limited me. Limited me to my spot on the floor, swaying back and forth with my clarinet. Not being centre stage for longer than one piece. The clarinet fits neatly in a velvet lined box. I could teach other kids to play clarinet too. It was all going in a line. I wanted my music to explode out like a kaleidoscope. Auntie Sheila was my patron saint of the keyboard. Lending me a rudimentary electronic keyboard before we bought a digital piano (but that was for Ian not for me). 

There is a Venn diagram somewhere of my interests and desires and wants.

I used to watch Rocky Horror over and over when I was 10. Now Drag Race is my comfort show. Piano, Lady Gaga, dance concerts and then Tech. Was it a means to an end a tool or a true passion and interest? 

There was also a time I loved writing. I'm sure I still do but I don't give myself the opportunity to practise creative writing. I love dreaming up stories. I love the thought of "that could be a book or a movie". I was deep into screenwriting for a while at Uni. Like I used to read film scripts and I loved writing treatments and outlines for them in my class. I loved characters, story, plot. I love playing with the characters in my head. Such good escapism, a double life. I can get so inspired by a good show as well. The Bear was a master work. Jeremy Allen Scott. But I don't want to be an actor anymore.

I don't want to act for a camera. I do, however, love to dance. Tonight, Bowie wanted to do ballet dancing. So we danced a little to the Sugar Plum Fairy, Pointing my toes came easily. The spins felt natural enough. First position, second position. Third, fourth, fifth Demi plie, it was all in there, it was all in there, and it felt good to do it.

I remember dance. I'd love to dance again. Be wild and free and in control of my body. Embodiment of Music. Art storytelling through the body. I don't just want it. I really need it. My eyes are getting so heavy but I'm enjoying journalling so much. I love this protocol.

I feel like it's changing my brain in a positive way. I'm doing it to seek answers, but the process is so enjoyable, too. Sometimes, I can't believe I was interested in marketing. I suppose marketing seemed easy. It was just kind of understanding people and what they want and then crafting something to fill their needs and wants. It's not so bad at the core. But at the surface, it's kind of bullshit. Certainly in the capitalist level. And now I'm back working with corporates on a software product. It comes easy to me. I have experience and the pay is good. It's working out. Okay. But I need to find my passion outside of it. It's my job and it's what pays the bills mostly. I also want to have another baby, so a stable-ish job is really important right now. I want to expand on the love already in our family. I can't believe how much love I feel for Bowie. It doesn't even matter that sometimes that I don't feel much romantic love. I do. Wish I could get that too again. Don't get me wrong. But I think another baby would create even more loves for all three of us, four of us, that sounds like a good thing.

Journal Entry 9
2024-06-14

Journal entry number nine, 14th of June Friday, 1 pm. Bowie has been sick and I've been sick and I want to be healthy. I just want all of us to have good health and wellness. Above all else. I still get this much blur. I still got this mush. I've still got this muscle tension in my right side. And I assume it originates from my strength imbalance and my backspasm. My sinuses on my right are all block headaches congestion. I feel awful. On top of it, I don't feel cared for particularly. this is a theme for me. Who will look after me. Who will check in on me, make sure I'm okay?

Is it because I don't have my mum or even my Nana anymore to show me nurturing care. Alex doesn't provide the kind of nurturing I want, or need at least not consistently or reliably, that's just who Alex is. I can't change that or expect him to change. I chose him for his personality social values and let's be honest his safety net. I don't think I've ever chosen a nurturing partner. It might be some kind of wound. Always need to prove to myself that I can't trust somebody to look after me and provide for me. I need to be strong enough to do it myself. And I am, but I'm also soft. And I want to be shown tenderness. I want so much and I don't know how much I can really ask for or expect to deserve. 

Today, I sent forgiveness to my mum. As I drove myself and Bowie home from the park, A longer drive so he would fall asleep, which he did. She was so insecure and mentally ill too. She took some bad actions that I don't think she truly believed in. I'm sure she didn't. That sounds vague. So specifically, her drinking. Drinking while my brother and I were in her care. Becoming demanding, physically violent, when I wouldn't do as I was told when she was drunk. I don't know how old I was - less than 10 I would think. Walking home from a neighbor's house with her and my brother in the dark and having to explain to her that she hit me because she didn't remember it. I forgive her for that. I forgive her because I think she was so unhappy and broken behind her positive exterior. She made so many other people feel wonderful but she couldn't do it for herself and by extension, she couldn't do it for me. She loved me so much and I couldn't hold the responsibility of her love. Of being the thing in her life that made her happy. When she was in denial of so much. I felt responsibility and guilt for not receiving her love or not loving her back the way she wanted. Like, it was my choice or my fault. So I passed the blame over to her and I spent so long resenting her trying to distance myself from her likeness, even trying to be more like my dad.

I wasn't at fault and she wasn't at fault, she had darkness that was unexplored and suppressed, and it came out in unexpected ways. I refuse to be the same. I use her as an example and I can even seek her advice. She is a role model to me. She had two children in her 30s and even changed career around 40 years old. And she gave me advice in her departing advice about close friends and letting music lead me.


Journal Entry 10 
2024-06-14
Journal entry number 10, 14th of June, 11 pm Friday. I feel compelled to do a quick free list, because there is so much rattling around in my head. It's funny. Now that I've trained my brain for this, it's definitely better. I'm definitely better at coming up with them.

I always forget that brainwashing is quite easy.

I want a new car. I deserve to drive a modern car with all the Comforts and safety and conveniences. I could drive a Tesla or a Turag and that would make sense. I deserve the luxury of a new car. I want to feel healthy. Not sick, not in pain.

I want to feel vital. Full of life. I want to dance. I want to celebrate music with movement. I want the joy of dance. I want quests, I want to create questify even though I don't know what it looks like. I want to send people on quests for fun, along the lines of Pokemon Go, exploring the real world collecting technology and a social component.

I want a record player. I want a record collection. Today, I wanted to buy a Perfume Genius' record Too Bright anniversary edition record. Then everyone could always buy me records as gifts. I could see my taste in music in the physical. I could support artists. I love I want to make some sort of music box for Bowie.

I want to go to bed. I'm so tired. I want my headache to be over. I want to feel relaxed.

Journal Entry 11
2024-06-16

Journal entry. Number 11, 16th of June, Sunday, 2, 30 p.m. Today, I had brunch and went shopping with Bec and Jess in the city. I bought clothes for myself from Gorman and Dangerfield. I love being able to buy things for myself and the people I love.

It's nice when I don't have to do the mental gymnastics and whether and I can afford something. What the return on investment will be Etc. Yesterday, Alex, Bo, and I were at the shops and there was a pop-up 3D print shop there. We each chose a cute little articulated critter.

It was cheap, and it brought us joy. I also got a happy meal for me and Bo on a Friday partly, because I was trying to gain control of something in my life going through the drive-thru is an easy win. I thought a Happy Meal could equal happiness and it kind of did.

We shared a cheeseburger and ate the fries. And by we got a Minion toy. He's been taking it with him everywhere. He really likes it. It also prompted us to watch Despicable Me, which was cute. And we've been talking about Minions, for days, the marketing worked. We also bunch of, we also bought a bunch of glue and glitter and made lots of slime. It's all very consumerist, but I think we've all been feeling a bit dark and the weather has been gloomy. I don't want to teach Bowie that you solve problems or you make happy by buying stuff. But I also want to have fun and regulate myself. Seems like winter is a good time for shopping plus the sales.

I like having nice things, I like having new things well-dressed. People often seem to have clean new unworn clothing I'd like to have a mix. I'd like to have more clothing, I'd like it to be better organised. I'd like to put time and space around my wardrobe. It's such a blocker for me.

It should be a habit. Not just a habit, but a ritual. I used to love trying clothes on, perhaps, when I was more in love with the dimensions of my body. I suppose that would come from improving my strength and muscle tone and posture. Which I am becoming dedicated to.

I just wish I could go to the gym more and not be held up by illness.

I also feel like I've done some work to conquer fat phobia, and they've still more work to do. I want to adore myself, and adorn myself, more clothes, more jewellery, more makeup, more hair styling. Luckily, Alex seems to be interested in that now, as well. We can have some fun, dress-up days at Charleston and set out our jewellery and make up.

I want to look I want to lock down my capsule and then maybe even create the outfit generator app. I've been thinking of I also need more neutral Basics in my wardrobe. I have some new stuff coming this week and next, I need some long sleeve t-shirt bamboo. 

I also spoke to Bec and Jess about work in the future. We entertained the idea of a children's play group or program or school. I want to host dance parties for kids and teach the music and technology. Perhaps I could do something with Bec and Jess forged new careers. I need to finish making my puppet. I am loving this journalling practise.

Journal Entry 12 
2024-06-17

Journal entry. Number 12. June 17, 2.30 p.m. I have so much that I want to write, I've limited by time and by the cramping in my arm.

Limited maybe by the amount of pages I have left in this journal. But I will buy a new one. I remember that my mum ran out of time to hand write letters to everyone that she loved. I'm sure I still have my letter somewhere. My dad gave it to me after she passed.

How gut wrenching? But literally poetic. I recall that after my Nana had a stroke in her 90s, she lost her ability to write with her hands. I don't want to lose my ability to write and use my hands while I'm on this Earth. I don't want to run out of time to write all the things that are in my heart.

I'm listening to Perfume Genius. Somewhere between that and the thoughts on this page, it's bringing me to tears. I want to write about my fears, desire, habits, traumas. In every area of my life home relationship, career reading art, music possessions collections family, parenting, community, education, creativity, productivity, finances, all of it, I can divide things into short-term actions habits to develop fears to conquer trauma to process medium and long-term goals life aspirations.

These lists are incomplete but the start of a framework. I wonder if this is similar to the Artist's Way. I also want to write a list or a letter about what I want out of my relationship and talk it through with Alex, and I'd encourage Alex to do it the same, then it's up to him.

While I was walking, I asked my witness who was holding me when I'm afraid. And my witness answered: your partner, your family, your friends, yourself. But they do not know that you are afraid and so they don't know that you need holding. I want to be able to show people.

I'm afraid until then my fears. My fears can't hurt people for some reason, at some time, didn't want people to worry about me. So I built a tower of stick to stand on, To show them I was strong. I don't know if they believed it or just made them feel like I was okay and they didn't have to worry. So it works. But the Tower of sticks has many weak points and the sticks often break or need to be replaced. I think my action from here is to create a soft landing of support from family and friends. So I can allow the tower to crumble and I can be caught. This will be harder for me to do, but it's the answer to no longer feeling alone.

I want to start I think by admitting to, my by admitting my health anxiety, to my doctor Samara and I think I will go from there. Baby steps for me, I need to hold myself, nurture myself and give myself, loving care. I want to do loving kindness meditations. Always be doing some form of physical therapy, even if it is very light. Making sure I'm walking eating fibre and protein-rich meals. Caring for my gut sleeping eight hours or more per night, not procrastinating sleep, letting go of the sense I need to control time or achieve a certain amount in my day.


Journal Entry 13
2024-06-18

Journal entry. Number 13. 18th of June Tuesday, 4.15 pm. Shadow work. "Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate" - Carl Jung. "The shadow is not a problem to be solved. It is a mystery to be faced." - Swag and Wolfe.

Phase one prompt. Do you struggle with showing yourself compassion? How does showing yourself compassion feel? Answer: I hold myself to very high standards, which is kind of a new thing, but maybe it's not. I know when things come easily to me. So I'm not happy if I don't, or can't do those things  - take music for example, that was easy for me as a kid. So if I made a mistake, I was not happy with myself. Now I hold myself to high standards, perhaps in the quantity of output and how productive I can be. I still feel a bit like a little kid when I'm just sitting around being lazy. I know there's a value in allowing yourself laziness I like doing it too, but it leaves me feeling like a sense of fomo or something.

I should be hustling. I have the same 24 hours in a day as Beyonce. And if someone sees me being unproductive, they'll either judge me or assign me a task. It must come back to childhood, but I can't connect it to a specific memory. I simply must be productive and have output.

I must be able to assign a value to any given activity. Even if that activity is restful, I think of myself like a video game character, and I need to fill my rest points. Sometimes I'm often a daydream and I look at Bowie and I look at his Angelic face and I think "commit this to memory, you never get this back" and it's so much pressure that I try to push it down.

I don't want to look back and yearn to see his angelic toddler face when he's full grown and regret not capturing some moment in my mind and heart forever like I could return to it as if it were a place with Bo preserved in time and it could touch his soft cheeks and stroke his blonde curls. He grows and grows every day and the joy I feel from seeing his development is unmatched. 

So, how do I show myself compassion? I give myself allowances. Like tokens or Bingo slots to fill. Go to the gym, do journalling. Eat a salad. Stay healthy feel well, don't go on a downward spiral of anxiety.

Is that self-care? Sometimes I indulge in an early night's sleep or a late sleep in, but that feels less like compassion and more like not being able to resist the urge of slumber. What is compassion, then? Sympathetic, pity and concern for the suffering and misfortune of others. When I was suffering and I have been suffering recently from, I think neurological symptoms of a virus, It didn't take any time to myself. I haven't taken a day off just to myself in...I don't know how long. I feel so much responsibility towards others. And I can take on the burden so you don't have to let me show you how capable I am. Let me get this all done now, so it won't overwhelm us later.

I'm really not sure that I show myself compassion.

Journal Entry 14
2024-06-20

General entry number, 14 20th of June 3 P.M. I'm at Dr. Jones waiting for my sinus scan. I am scared and I'm nervous. I'm anxious. I'm not sure if I'm writing down the fears or affirmations is better. In this case I'm afraid, the scan will be yucky and like the cone beam. I'm afraid they will find something horrible. I hate this, my health anxiety is so triggered from being sick. Bowie was sick last week, Alex had gastro this week or maybe just gastric distress from burnout. But I've been having muscle pains, nervous, anxiety sinus issues and it all makes me think about mortality.

I go to not to think about too much when I was pregnant, and when I had a newborn. I knew it would come back. I hate it. Is there a way to think about mortality without being sad and scared? It impacts my quality of life. It is a contradiction, a juxtaposition.

I want this scan to be over but I also don't want it I'm in the waiting place, the waiting room and the waiting place that Dr. Seuss describes. It is the worst place. Not to mention. I am alone here. That's okay. I hope my CT tech is nice. 

I am going to the gym after this. I'm so looking forward to that. I'm trying to remind myself that my muscles sinus and my muscle soreness and sinus stuff and nervous are improved most every day. Two weekends ago, I had a migraine that catapulted me to another planet. Today I feel mostly, okay, except for some twinges, stiffness, anxiety.

Good news is that taking a Valium took my symptoms away way down. I feel any to talk to Samara about the Valium anxiety neurological symptoms. I think I will need to complete a preliminary review on my journal, or maybe if this month's Maybe this won't send will be okay.

I can't stop thinking about Camilla. My best friend from high school who had brain tumours. She survived. Jan-Louise, my good friend in high school who had cancer. She did not survive. How do we live our best lives in the face of this? I come from hardy peasant stock but there's also cancer in my family I will be grateful to live as long as my Nana.

But I want to be fitter, stronger. I want to be at the gym weight lifting yoga dance as I age. I want to dance. I want to be embodied. I want to be in my body. Why is this waiting taking so long? I want to go to the gym.

I want to pick up Bowie, I want to relax with my family. I want to grow my family. I want to be pregnant again and remind myself what it's like. Without anxiety. I want the hormones, hormones are great for my anxiety. Trying to achieve that, through diet, and lifestyle, and exercise, trying to reduce anxiety in the acute setting.

Writing is helping I think automatic writing. Breathing techniques, distraction, not sure. Oh, try Tetris next. Passing the time. Not running the anxiety into a groove. I don't want to spend my life being anxious.

Journal Entry 15
2024-06-20
Journal entry number 15, 20th of June at 10.22 PM. Manifestation journalling. I am grateful for delicious chocolate and hot tea on a cold Winter's night. I am grateful for the time and space to practise journalling. I am grateful for the world's music catalogue available at my fingertips via the Internet.

I am grateful for podcasts to distract me, inform me, and entertain me. I'm grateful for the music of the Decemberists. I'm grateful that I am feeling better and stronger and more recovered every day. I am grateful for my privilege and access to health care. I'm grateful for my lovely family, Alex and Bowie, who are so loving. I am grateful for the opportunity to expand my family with another child, to be a sibling to Bo. I'm grateful for beautiful artwork on the walls and beauty everywhere I look in my home. I am grateful for my record player, and the record collection. And how I support the artists I love. I'm grateful for books of fiction and non-fiction and carving the time to read them and be entertained with them and find truths.

I am grateful for my fluent and confident ability to play the guitar and piano. I am grateful for my ability for songwriting and my skills in music production. I'm grateful for all the resources I have available to me. Including financial resources. I'm grateful that my family and loved ones are in good health and thriving.

I'm grateful that I have an option for maternity leave with CLG. I'm grateful that Alex has answers about his health. And that his physical and mental health are strong. I am grateful that we have the resources to buy a new car. It has all the modern safety features. I'm grateful for my strength and fitness my ability to run, my strong core and my good posture. I'm grateful for my opportunities to dance. I'm grateful that my body is limber and agile and energetic. I'm grateful that money comes to me and that I am a money magnet. I'm grateful that I don't have to worry or stress about money or getting my basic needs met.

I'm grateful that I am cared for. I'm grateful for my youth and for my youthful energy. I'm grateful for the ability of music and art and entertainment to spark Joy. I'm grateful for the flexibility, in my work and my ability to make money. I'm grateful for my amazing skills.

I'm grateful to have a writing practise. I am grateful to have passive income. I'm grateful to be a loved and trusted authority. I'm grateful. I'm grateful to combine what I love, what I'm good at, what the world needs, and what I can be paid for.


Journal Entry 16
2024-06-22

Journal entry 16, 22nd of June 9 pm. Grampians. Being in the Grampians reminds me of some fundamental things. In summer, I'm drawn to the beach. In Winter, on clear days, I should go to the mountains, the forest. Today is the shortest day of the year. The Winter solstice. And rather than escaping winter to a sunny destination, we have come to Halls Gap with Mel, Graham, Ben Annie Frida, and Winnie. When it's dark and cold, We gather around the fire and draw and chat and drink tea and relax. It's easier for me to relax when there are more people around. This is how I felt at Gang Show overnight rehearsals. The house is almost too small for all the people and it is just perfect.

Frida is entertaining Bowie, and he couldn't be happier. It's so vital. There's always someone to watch the little ones. Four or more people to help with meals people doing the dishes. People relaxing, it just works. Total freedom. And I made a cake for Mel and Graham's birthday and it was the easiest thing. Annie helped Bo Into the car seat, Ben and Frieda play Magic the Gathering with Alex. Bowie follows Frieda like a shadow.

Winnie grins a huge smile at me. A wallaby in the backyard, the mountain towering over us the clouds. Raising in the blue sky, the fire pit and the dancing flame. The trees, the birds calling the sound of chatter in the house. Catching up. Alex, making coffees for everyone. Barbecue, sandwiches, beautiful red wine.

Holidays are so perfect and divine, and I wish they could last. Books and paper and textas are scattered everywhere. The views are impeccable. Electric blankets on, big days and early nights.

Journal Entry 17
2024-06-23

Journal entry. Number 17. 23rd of June Monday, 1.30 p.m. home. When I was in my 20s, I journaled for maybe a year about the seasons. I thought I wanted to be a screenwriter and write a story of four teenage friends. Each of whom represented one season, I probably still have that story in me.

I do feel a pull towards stories. They are powerful. I've just been listening to Search Engine PJ Voght's podcast today. And last week, the episode, I listenes to "What does it feel like to believe in God?" And "why didn't Chris and Dan Get into Bergine?" made me intrigued, inspired and hopeful.

I love everything PJ Voght touches back from TL;DR podcast to Reply All, Crypto Island and now Search Engine. I could support his shows financially. I should be the change; vote with your dollar. When I was, when I finished my journalling protocol, not finish. I don't want to finish it because I love it.

Maybe not when I finish, when I get to a certain point, I want to read the journals aloud. I want to speak these journals. Words are like spells. That's what Pete Holmes says. Yes, I want to find the patterns but I also think speaking aloud one's desires and fears and the rest, will speak them to the universe.

There's something magic in this protocol between writing on the page, speaking aloud, analysing the data.

And then creating enchantments like poetry, posters, and shrines. Tasks, actions, projects Etc from what the data reveals. All along to, I'd reset back to journalling or whenever I feel this time and reset the protocol while maintaining the results from the previous phase, I have some feelings that I want to be a developer influencer and use LinkedIn to good effect, but I need to deep dive on that more.

It feels like it could go too Niche. I don't want a niche. I'm a generalist. I'm pretty sure I love being in generalist. I'm interested in the idea of futurism. I think I could read some books on this topic. I'd like to read more fiction and non-fiction. I'd like to use reading to help level up my mental health, speaking of levelling up health, I'm actively working on my physical health, another gym, weights class this morning and it feels great.

I have something in me and I feel like I can journal it out. Now check in on my anxiety, at the end of this exercise so far. It's in my tummy like a hunger. My digestive system, feels not 100%. My right side is still cramping.

My eyes are tired. My hand strained, I feel blocked, perhaps someday realisation, more electrolytes, Sarah after lunch, a walk, and then electrolytes, I want to dance. I see people dancing on TikTok. I saw someone dancing on Instagram. PJ's podcast was about nightclubs and losing yourself to the mess.

The previous podcasts about God. Also mentioned dance, the rabbi featured on the episode said, nightclubs were a religious experience. He also suggested speaking your wants and also letting go of control. He meditates on Oneness of all things. I think meditation will still be valuable to me, but I've lost it as a practise.

Words are spells. Stories are magic.

Journal Entry 18
2024-06-24

Journal entry 18. 24th of June 5.30 PM Monday. "What I want" speed run. The cream Rises to the top. I want to be International. I want to have fabulous parties with fun and interesting people. I want to have my finger on the pulse. I want good solid self-care rituals.

I want to expand my family. I want to care for a newborn again. I want divine mother energy. I want influencers who are in their 40s. I want to invent something. I want empowering technologies. I want to merge art and engineering. I want to be an artist. I want to be a musician.

I want to express myself through music and art. I want to have dance parties. I want to dance and for my body to be strong, controlled balanced. I want my muscles to be strong. I wanted daily yoga practise. I wanted daily self-practice. I want to walk 10 000 steps per day.

I want my work to be a smaller proportion of my day or week than it currently is. I want to work less and earn more. I want passive income and financial Independence. I want to live in the city and live in the country. I want the best of both worlds.

I want to greatly reduce my anxiety and fear where it does not serve me. I want to write and tell stories. I want to have exciting conversations. I want to glow up. I want to be beautiful on inside and outside. I want my family within reach. I want a healthy gut.

I want good posture. I want to show my creativity.

Journal Entry 19
20224-06-24


Journal entry number 19, June 24th, 10.30 p.m. 

I want to be able to go to bed feeling relaxed and calm and deliciously dozy. Feeling the weight of my body on the bed. My mind drifting easily into sleep. Right now, my mental health isn't the best, notably at night.

When I stare at the ceiling anxious, afraid of the loss of Consciousness that comes with sleep, Rather than relaxed. I feel a slow dread. I'm doing so many good mental health practises, exercise, journalling good food. But it all goes out the window if I'm not getting enough sleep.

I'm afraid my mental well-being, lightness, and happiness won't return. I suppose that's something I felt before. I was so happy when I was pregnant even breastfeeding despite the challenges. Good hormones. I don't want to be depressed and anxious but I don't want antidepressants. 

I find myself getting jealous on social media a couple times recently. Once Jacob on LinkedIn, who said he had a baby, built a house, developed a Consulting business. Now, he's starting this other cool Tech project. Another, I saw Kym on Instagram of a photo in a recording studio, saying he was recording an album. Both of these men have young children and I feel so bitter that I don't have the same luxury to work on a personal creative project.

I spent so long holding up my family and I feel like it made me weaker not stronger. I've put so much into CLG to now feel so burnt out on board by it. I took on extra work with the Capri and other freelance to make extra money and cover costs.

And has taken so much from me and given so little. I give my heart and soul to being a mother and I love it. But there's little space for myself at the end of the day. Hence why this protocol is so important. But it's all been going on so long now that I feel in my late 30s. I'm too scared to even say 37, I feel I've wasted time and I'm too old. I'm not interesting, or valuable or beautiful anymore.

Any kind of following my dreams will look foolish. I feel like I missed a sweet spot in my late 20s. Wasting my life with Ben Fraser, Nick Klaus shoes, Etc. These are my fears that I'm too old to follow my dreams of being any kind of Spotlight. I watched Chappel Roan videos and my heart aches.

People are doing such beautiful inspiring things. And I am building boring software trying to keep my family afloat. This is probably why, I'm depressed truth told. I wonder if it's manifesting in my body in the form of gut issues, pain muscle soreness insomnia and sleep procrastination.

Journal Entry 20
2024-06-25

Journal entry 20. 25th of June Tuesday, 1.30 PM rise. 

I feel fairly Melancholy today. I think I'm getting to the bottom of a general thing in my life that I'm not happy with a lot of areas, like work relationship, home, finances, creativity, Etc, I don't want to waste time.

I'm worried that I've wasted so much already. I don't want to wallow in mediocrity. I'm destined for something more. I want greater depth and breadth. I feel confined. I have many limiting beliefs about my age and my physicality my skills, my location. I know that squashing limiting beliefs is important.

Gala Darling talks about being an ultra fabulous, 40 year old woman. Going to the gym in hot pink workout set. Throwing in a pink fur coat for fun. I love the idea of having a super creative and colourful wardrobe. I like the idea of being memorable. I'm always drawn to drag, Lady Gaga, Chapel Rhone, Trixie and Katya, RuPaul, even Gala Darling.

It's funny how my obsessions shift and come back. Two months ago, I was obsessed with puppets. I want to finish my hand puppet. I watched so many puppet videos. I loved The Bear TV show for the art of TV. Rocky Horror was my first obsession. Then Shock Treatment. Definitely drag.

I also think about being children's entertainer. But I wonder if that's a limiting belief because children are easy to impress. Still one of the funnest times in my life was at Hopporrees being on stage. Wearing costumes performing with friends, writing a show, being silly, delighting children. Backstage. Eating pizza. The best. 

I've also loved science fiction and speculative fiction throughout my life. Though, never in a deep or nerdy way. I love B movies. I love Brave. New World. I love simulation Theory and thinking about it. I worry that I know a little bit about a lot of things and I don't know how to use that as a superpower for my next move.

I'm decent at writing. I enjoy it. I think I'm good at communication. I like marketing in theory, but don't like endgame capitalism. I love movies and TV shows for their ability to transport you change your reality. I'm a pretty good software engineer but I think I'm a better team lead or project manager than I am a coder.

I get bored of coding often. I get bored of coding after a while, I like prototyping and hacking. I don't know how I feel about scale. I was an okay musician. I am a natural performer. I'm good at delivering talks workshops and tutorials. I was good at getting 100 kids to sing together in beautiful harmony.

I'm good at blocking a stage. I can see things from the top down, the long view. I can see the show as a whole. And some details. I'm an okay songwriter and lyricist. I'd be an okay cult leader. I'm not so great at cooking, but I'm good at organising a meal and dining experiences.

I used to love hosting parties. I'm not so good at drawing but I wish I was. I wish I could play the piano and draw pictures with ease. I love dressing up but I don't have the patience for sewing. Practise of anything is hard, but okay, once you get into a rhythm. 

I still want to journal on the following things. Here's a list of tick off: Finances, home. Friendships relationship, parenting Health Fitness. Mental well-being, education and skills, knowledge creativity, passions career, spirituality, Community. Fun, habits, good and bad, embodiment leadership mentoring. Places spaces lifestyle. I want to gentle once and desires desired State, gratitudes goals, and aspirations, fears, bad, and good habits, and limiting beliefs.

And perhaps I can categorise all of these thoughts into those categories.

Journal Entry 21
2024-06-26

Journal entry number 21, 26th of June Wednesday, 3.15 pm. 

Finances. I want money to feel comfortable and safe. I want enough money to invest in really cool projects. I'd love to have money to give people in the arts to see works come to life. I want enough money to always have a nice modern car. I want enough money to be an angel investor. I want enough money that I don't have to worry about housing, I suppose money could also be considered assets or resources. I like to be able to buy high quality things like clothing, computers and Tech appliances toys and games.

I want money for fabulous holidays.

I don't want lack of money or resources to hold me back. I also wouldn't want to be so wealthy that I lose perspective. I want to not work so hard for every dollar I earn. I want to be a money magnet. I want to Quantum Leap to the next level, where money is in flow.

My bad money habits are: not being across my finances or being afraid of them, not being in charge or being the boss, letting myself waste money because I'm afraid to know the whole picture. On the same token, I don't want to be misery or a penny Pincher. I want to be generous with my money and resources.

I want to spread wealth. I want to treat those I love. I want to gain more resources so I can look after more people. I also want a money guy to tell me about the finances because in truth, they find it quite boring. Or perhaps I could make an app to do it for me or a game.

It will be cool to make a free open source, money app, tapped into Bank APIs. My fear is around money are running out of money. Not having enough to pay for housing Health, Care food, education. Dropping to a lower socioeconomic group, is a fear. I wonder what my money scripts are.

I recall saving up $24 to buy yellow duck on laybuy. That sticks with me, but I have no idea how it directs my relationship with money. I'd love enough money to build a village, like a permaculture Community, or a theatre production group. I'd love to have enough money to support my life without working. Then I would make art and dedicate my skills to hackathons. My money habits are kind of cyclical. I need to remind myself that I make a good income. So I save for a few weeks. Then I start shopping. Then money goes down. So I save again, rinse and repeat.

It would be better if I had an allocated amount. For example, a seasonal clothing budget. I don't love the concept of saving, although it's good. I've saved what I have so far, particularly for the housework. We need done to rent it out. I'd rather invest in get returns but I still don't know much about that or have a solid source of passive income.

That has been a dream for a while. Trading time for dollars is not optimal. Work less, earn more. I also which wish Alex contributed more to our finances or maybe if we lived in more of a community we could have even more contribution. But I fear relying on anyone else for money, I fear that it has to be me that brings in the money, so I can feel secure.

That feels somewhat smart, but it also may be a limiting belief. I believe. I feel like I might have to be financially sound enough to provide for my family, as my children, grow children, grandchildren all need resources. I also think about inheritance and that gives me the ick. I haven't done a will because I'm scared to face the idea of mortality and death.

I'm too superstitious or I'm too scared. Somehow I think having lots of money will protect me from death. I guess that's what billionaires think. Also, if it's the end of the world, the apocalypse, it's best to have property. I'm grateful that Mel and Graham have property. Charleston, OakBank, and Victor. in COVID times the farm was a godsend If we have another bizarre Global event like that, at least we will have the farm.

Note to self: map the journal data into an IKIGAI.

Journal Entry 22
2024-06-27

Journal entry 22, 27th of June 10 a.m. Thursday.

Wetlands. I had a thought this morning as Bowie played with the toy ambulance, from the toy library. How when I heard about toy libraries as a child? I so desperately wanted to go a magical place where you could borrow toys.

I had a feeling I asked my mum and she said, no, Why did she say no? It can't have been a financial decision. We can borrow up to eight toys of fortnight for $20 a year. My mum always said no to Barbies. It was that a financial thing or based on values?

I recall the $24 yellow duck I had to save for. Was she trying to teach me something about reward, gratification, gratitude, humility? I wanted a Baby Born doll though, like I've never wanted anything before, and I never got that and I feel like I missed a crucial part of my parenting role play.

New motherhood was such a shock to me. I had such little exposure to babies, I think that we as humans need to be around people of so many variant ages. Not just our cohort. I miss my Nana so much. I wish I'd taken the opportunity to record and listen to her talking about her life, the war, I'd love that.

Love to do that with my dad before it is too late. I remember when I was young maybe 5 or 6 I collected pocket money. And my granddad gave me all his silver coins. That was truly treasure. I remember one, Saturday, waking up and watching Saturday Disney, then going to the kindy garage sale with my coins and having the independence to buy second hand toys at the garage sale. Teddies and soft cats.

I played on the playroom boat by the fence and the weather was nice. Honestly, that feels like one of the peak experiences of my life. Getting stoned in Amsterdam may be one of the only times that matches that energy of childlike wonder independence freedom to explore. Indulging in cartoons, a safe and lovely environment. Beautiful weather. 

I grew my collection of soft toys through finding Treasures at garage sales. Now, I know they're in bags in the shed. I want to open them but I'm afraid they're full of mould spores. I'm so afraid of mould, I could either try to banish it from my life completely or learn more about how it works.

So I can understand it more or fear it less. On the note of fear, the last two nights, I've zonked out at 9.30pm with Bowie and woken up to my alarm at 6.15 a.m.

I think speaking want spells to the universe really works. 

Back to toys. I have this feeling that my parents didn't want me to have a lot of toys. I feel like my brother had lots of great toys. And I mostly played with them. Street Sharks, Lego, Batman figures. They also bought him but not me a piano.

I don't know if I'll ever let that one go. So now I love toys. I love Treasures. I love the toy library. Even yesterday, I asked Alex to go through the drive-thru so we could get a Happy Meal. They forgot the toy and I asked Alex to stop So I could go back and get it.

Arguably it was plastic waste but it was a cute cat character. He had a mechanism, Bo had been playing with it in the car this morning. And ask me to listen to the spinning sound. Small magic. I saw a Creator on TikTok the other day, a youngish woman who had made a fully fabricated fairy catcher toy that had a screen and made sounds and had mechanisms. I was so obsessed with Tamagotchis as a kid. I still think about them with so much fondness and magic. I loved my pocket Pikachu which was also a pedometer. I remember, buying expensive Pokemon figures from Kmart and feeling the magic of Pokemon in them.

I still have right?  I kind of love toys.


Journal Entry 23
2024-06-28

Journal entry 23. 28th of June Friday, 12.30 p.m. Susa Cafe. 

Manifestation affirmations. 

I am in control of my financial Wellness. My net worth is not my self-worth. My money goes to what I value. I deserve the money that I earn. I am a great giver of financial gifts.

My money Works hard for me. I am a great receiver of financial gifts. My efforts help me succeed. My hard work pays off. I'm confident my goals are achievable. I'm worthy of what I desire. I'm greater than the sum of my parts. I am open to Limitless possibilities. I believe in myself.

I am ready to share my gifts with the world. I surrender to the wisdom of the universe. I am creative and open to new Solutions. I am levelling up. I attract miracles in my life. I am open to unexpected opportunities. I am capable of achieving greatness. I'm grateful for the abundance, I have, and for the abundance, that is on its way.

I am financially confident. I use money to improve the lives of others. I have a healthy relationship with money. My Prosperity is Limitless. My creativity is Limitless. Money flows to me. I'm a beautiful Money magnet. I share my gifts and talents with the world. I solve important problems. I entertain and Delight people, I'm grateful the abundance, I have.

And for the abundance, that is on its way. I am open to Limitless possibilities. I enjoy good health. I enjoy a pain-free day-to-day life. I am strong and getting stronger every day. I'm focused on what I want and I'm good at getting it. I attract money into my life.

My time is extremely valuable. I am worthy and I am loved.

Journal Entry 24
2024-06-28

Journal entry. Number 24. June 28th, 12 o'clock.

It occurs to me that I haven't journaled much,  or not at all, on my tech skills and career. I'm a skilled web developer and probably a good product manager and team leader. I figured out so much about buildinga full stack web app using existing Frameworks and services. Like I did with WordPress. 

Am I getting bored? Ultimately,  I don't get a lot out of serving corporate clients. Several years ago, I did a review and decided I wanted to work with social Enterprises and BCorps to help people less fortunate than me. I think I've got done a good job of that and I would love to collect my impact stories and data.

I could publish that on my own website for my benefit as well as for marketing purposes.

Ultimately, I do like to have web and app development in my toolkit, but I do think I'm a little bored and burnt out on the corporates, the social impact and the grants. I think the next thing I want to do with my skills is bring joy and entertain. It's possible.

I could use my software Dev skills to do that. When people ask, what do you do? What do I want to say? Now, I say I'm a software engineer or I work in I.T and eyes glaze over. Well, I work for a company that provides education and Pathways for women in IT. That sounds nice.

What do I want? Oh, that sounds interesting and fun and rewarding and you must be clever. Although it's interesting that I go to the response, I'm trying to get. You're a good girl. Wow, you're smart and pretty. This must have been trained and programmed into me. I'm trying to break it with Bowie, but it's hard to stop myself gushing over, how smart, and funny, and adorable he is.

I'm really questioning it. Surely praise serves some purpose. It shows that people in your social group accept and respect you but I suppose it's a problem when you tie that exclusively to your worthiness. I am worthy, I am a high value person. I am loved despite my career and job title.

So where does that leave me? I want to be respected. I like being a leader. I want to help people and for people to come to me for answers sometimes and I want to Delight people. I have a specialised skill that I apply to an important problem. I am an authority and an expert in my field.

I have worked hard to get where I am. I am creative. You or someone, you know, would enjoy and be delighted by my work. And I work with people.

Journal Entry 25
2024-07-03

Journal entry 25. Third of July. 

I haven't written in a few days. A lot has happened. The Weekend, cleaning our house, brunch with back dinner at the farm. Breakfast with Gary and Helen. Eddie's pirate party. Going to Women's and children's hospital. Miscommunication about appointments a rescheduled scan, some helpful staff, and some curt staff, disappointment in Alex for not reading the messages. Me taking it over. I have to be the reluctant CEO of my house. My home and my family. Breaking down and crying in the hospital. Bowie still snotty and coughing covert at daycare. Bowie home from daycare and Alex the reluctant caretaker. Tradies coming in and out to get our house ready to rent. Gardner punctures a hole in the pool vinyl. Everyone is freaking out. I have to make the decisions. I have to be the level headed one and being in control. Alex can't handle it. The Gardener is stressed. Bowie is crying. I'm on a meeting. Work is canned for the afternoon. Insurance claim.

The water is draining down the garden to the creek. I have to go to my doctor's appointment. Samara is so nice. My sinuses are all full of mucus cysts. What does that mean? I'll see the ENT in August, maybe surgery. That's scary to me. She gave me a print out of everything.

Maybe an allergy -  my brain goes to mould. I ask about my back pain, radiating, pain nerviness right side, weakness. She thinks it's musculous skeletal but better get a brain's scan just to be sure. She says, don't worry. It's elimination covered by Medicare. 99 of 100 scans find nothing at all. It's comforting. Let's rule  it out. You're a mum. Is she just saying that? So my anxiety doesn't go through the roof. When should I do it? I don't know. 99% of me says, it's my sinuses. Why am I left in my right two different people.

I'm so afraid of something serious being wrong with me. I struggle even to write it. This is the shadow work I need to do. I wish my problems were about self esteem or something less scary. I have to get a brain scan. I need to work through my fears on the page and by talking to people. I'm going to be okay.

I have some trauma, physical and mental to work through. I have health anxiety. I have to try and find strategies for health anxiety. I don't have to delve into it. All right now. I can take a couple of days before I book the scan, I feel improvements in myself, which is a good thing.

It's 3.40pm. I should wake Bowie up. He's still asleep. But I still have journalling to do. I've been listening to enjoying my podcasts about songwriting and music production. I'm definitely interested in music production. I've also been thinking a lot about toys, gadgets tchotchkes. More so than play.

I love theatre, but perhaps struggle with free form play. I like talking and like ideas, I love to explore. I like finding things and finding Treasures. I like the idea of quests. Like my AR real world  app idea of Quests or Questify, This always comes back to me.

Maybe I should quietly quit one day per week to work on my apps. And I still want a record player.

Journal Entry 26
2024-07-04

Journal entry 26. Fourth of July, Thursday. 

Journalling to prepare for goal setting. I want to be physically fit. I want my body to be in harmony with itself. I want to release my pain and tension. I want to be dedicating time to yoga daily. I want 10, 000 steps daily.

I want to get my monies worth from the gym by attending minimum one Fitness class per week. I want to start putting so much pressure on myself. I want to keep my flexible job. I want to make more money. I want to do greater things with my career. I want to be known for my expertise.

I want to do music production. I want to lazily listen to records. I want to be creative with toys. I want to be the best possible parent to Bowie. I want to be in a supportive 50/50 partnership. With Alex, I want to be nurtured and cared for I want to care for myself.

I want to glow from the inside out. I want storytelling. I want to watch movies. I want time to decompress and truly relax. I want massages I want to unnot my back and shoulder. I want to breathe easily through my nose. I want to be informed about my health.

I went to feel in balance. I don't want to rely on medication. I want to be surrounded by love. I went to have dedicated spaces for play for coziness and for creativity. I want Bowie to feel empowered in his play. I want to think outside the box. I want to have a strong core and glutes, legs back and chest. I want pretty hair and pretty nails and pretty jewellery. I want to make sure I keep my options open and my mind expanded. I want to talk about time travel. I want to heal the past versions of myself. I want sparkle and rainbow and light and colour.

I want gems and crystals. I want an inspiring wardrobe, I want theatre and drag and costume. I want to trust the universe. I want colour and magic. I want cosy spaces. I want to read inspiring and engaging books. I want to be inspired by the places around me. I want to be an artist.

I want to bring art and engineering together. I want to have a vision. And then share that Vision with the world. I want to play music that people dance to. I want a fun space themed birthday party for Bowie.

Journal Entry 27
2024-07-07

Journal entry seventh of July 10 pm Sunday. 

Frequent journalling feels so vitally important to me and it stresses me out when I haven't done it in a few days. 

My body feels somewhat better. Sinus pressure is still there, but at least I know what's going on. And I have an appointment booked.

I'm still scared for my brain scan despite improvement. I've had my period for the past four days and I've been in such a bad way. Day one was literally carpal tunnel, panic attack, freeze response. Then all I wanted to do all weekend was couch rot but that's hard with a toddler.

I feel bad having the TV on too much. I feel like I owe it to him to engage him and provide him with stimulating activities and calm environments. I suppose I didn't have constant enrichment as a child and I turned out. Okay, at least I don't think that was actively part of my trauma.

I've been feeling frightened and dark and depressed. These past few days I've also listened to, We Made it Weird with Pete Holmes and his wife, Val, their podcast. He seemed to be having a similar dark experienced and his therapist said he was having a trauma response. I wonder if I am too the trauma. There's a lot I think. I took a note on trauma - "it has to come up to come out". "You have to feel it to heal it" and I wonder how much that's related to my physical pain. My back injury was so bad because in part, I didn't take the time after having a baby to strengthen my body because I was so stressed and putting myself at the bottom of the priority list.

So now, as I try to heal my back, I also have to heal these memories I have to go back to myself laying on the floor in the change room and saying I'll be fine when it wasn't fine and I couldn't recognise it. And tell her now that now: I'm looking after myself, that means I need to book the scans and the appointments and the therapy. #bookmark  She has to believe it. I will wait. I will wait a little bit after my period though when I have the tiniest bit more confidence and light I should meditate on finding the light that will help. Also I think I've been suffering PMDD. I want to look into some supplements and potential therapies.

I also want to cut down on inflammatory foods. I say that as I sit here eating chocolate. Start by switching to dark chocolate. So, a supplement protocol is one thing. Another thing trauma therapy. I want to find a trauma therapist. That will be hard - things will get worse before they get better.

I've danced around trauma in therapy for years. I also don't feel like I've had a therapist who can handle it. I want to feel safe to let it out. I also might look different to traditional therapy, like spiritual healing or something. I'd also love to do some IFS Parts work, which I could do in my shadow journalling.

Shadow journalling when I feel so dark like this doesn't feel safe. I suppose that's my protector wanting to protect me from feeling bad feelings. Anything other than just getting on with it. I want to quantum leap my life, but it feels like a muddling through the muck. It feels almost as bad and dark as it's ever been. Though because I have Alex and Bowie, I don't feel so alone as I used to. And I so crave to have another baby. I want my body to get strong and I want to be pregnant again. It's something I definitely need to talk to Alex about at least once the bulk of the move is through.

Alex needs to know how I feel. I want us to work this out together. The tech industry is so scary right now. I just don't even believe in the future of it, like maybe I once did. It's an AI race to the bottom. What's the point in DEIB really?

I feel like we're past the tipping Point. I saw an AI researcher on my for you page today as I was looking for dopamine morsels and their outlook was so depressing about AI. I feel like I was predicting this a few years ago and it all happened so fast.

Like the end of the show Silicon Valley, except they turned the AI off. Maybe tonight I'll watch that to soothe myself. Do I still want to be a futurist if I think the future is so fucking Bleak. Maybe the answer is back in permaculture and intentional communities. For a moment, I thought maybe travel and cities would be better, but also I've been sick for so long and this is a sickness-born of daycare of population of capitalism.

Also, I think I'm allergic to something. In one FYP pool yesterday, I got an answer to something that has been plaguing me for years. The blister rash on my fingers is eczema. For the longest time I thought it was a contagious fungal infection. Thank you TikTok. Today I saw Cirque du Soleil: Luzier for Emily's birthday, and it was so magnificent that I cried from the sheer Joy.

And, Some feat of putting on a show like that, the huge music, the hugeness of the stage, and the Rigs, the performers, and their skill, and their Charisma, the storytelling, the artfulness, the sound the rain, It was beyond.

I want to be able to do some of the things with my body. The strength, the athleticism, control, grace. I can't believe I've spent so much time worrying about what I look like in photos when I could be considering that the way I never move my body like that.

To reframe. What if I spent my energy on how my body moves rather than how it looks? It also reminded me that my heart yearns for the theatre. I had a funny dream about Gang Show last night too. It reminded me that I am a rebel and a rule breaker. Those are some of my favourite things about myself.

My TikTok FYP right now is literally just depressing apocalyptic shit. Musical improv random crafts makeup and I feel like it's really fucking me with the apocalyptic stuff, but is it real world war? Three? Robot Revolution, impending, climate crisis. My only response. I feel to this is to listen. Create community and try a bunch of skills. Have a baby make art do theatre How to make money. I don't know. Freelance. Maybe I feel like CLG is collapsing. I feel like it's over done. I could get another job but would it pay as much be as flexible?

On the weekend we also saw Eden part of Illuminate Adelaide. A beautiful immersive game. Like experiences of watching gardens grow and interacting with screens. I want to look up that art gallery on Light Square. I feel like life goes on despite how much horrible impending doom there may be.

2000 people gathered in a pop-up tent today to watch international circus performers do incredible stunts and feats of the human body.

My tarot card this month advised balance of emotions. I feel like I'm swinging on a pendulum.

Journal Entry 28
2024-07-08

Journal entry 28, 8th of July Monday, 5 PM. Day one of house move. I hope I can find time for deeper journalling this week, but there's so much to do. My back neck and head pain are all playing today. Anxiety is a tiny bit less, sinuses are mostly stuffed.

I hope I can have a bath tonight at Charleston to soothe my muscles and steam my sinuses. I want to heal. I've listened to a trauma healing meditation today, which was nice. Also, We Made it Weird with Pete Holmes and Val.

I feel that depersonalized de-realized feel right now is that the trauma response anxiety, depression illness inflammation in the body? I felt similar things to this before. I am not my trauma. I am dysregulated right now, last week sucked. I'm having scary dreams today. I teed up a bunch of podcasts to listen to while packing and all day.

I've gravitated to Other World, which is a paranormal podcast, I think I mainly listen to ghost stories when I'm already scared, maybe I'm trying to place the fear on something, something, which I can control and stop listening to at any time. This is an interesting flag to note. It sucks that Alex is also depressed like most of the time.

I don't know if he will heal from his trauma, if he will do the work. Imagine if I had found someone happy and not depressed, is that real? Probably not a male. It's okay. I work on things for myself and I'll see how I can help Alex too. I just ate a delicious vanilla slice.

Soon we'll go to Charleston for dinner. See Mel, Graham and Bowie, unpack stuff. I think Alex is asleep. I should go wake him for now. The anxiety and derealisation stays. TikTok does not cure it.

Journal Entry 29
2024-05-09

Journal entry 29 Tuesday 9th of July 8.50 a.m. 

Three pages of brain dump flow, like Morning Pages in The Artist Way. I want to finish reading that audiobook, Artist's Way. I just watched a TikTok, and for a brief second considered becoming a Disney Adult. My anxiety is fairly low this morning, but I can feel it like a little capsule in my chest that will start leaking and could eventually burst.

We have to go back to the hospital today for Bowie's six month scan. I's okay. Bowie has started saying that a lot lately. Did he get it from me or someone else? I keep thinking about bringing more disruption into my life as a good thing. We're moving house this week, so that's incredibly disruptive. Perhaps I mean bringing in a disruption of interests and people and ideas and media. I remember when Moira put on a series of talks in the city, We saw Kate speak in a panel with Leonard. Kate thought the whole thing was average. I thought it was great.

We have a different set of standards and a different worldview. Today, I'm doing a Journal dump first. Then going for a walk. I wonder what my head will be like. Alex is dropping off Bowie and then going to Bunnings. I think this week I want to consume some rich media I can sink my teeth into. Maybe an audiobook. Always I just want more PJ Voght more Search Engine, more Reply All. I'll always go back to Reply All like a warm hug. Not many other things can I handle a re-watch or re-listen these days. I used to love a re-watch.

I think there's value in it, but TikTok has eaten my brain. I think, in order to do deep journalling manifestation, Or Shadow journalling, I need to do dump journalling. I'm literally trying to get every thought out of my head. All the swirling thoughts and fears need to be dumped out. So I can reach into the cracks and dark areas and forgotten passions and really tease them and explore them. 

The backyard looks good now that it is cleaned up. I'm worried about money but not too worried. Money is coming. It's just going down right now. I need to close off the Capri and put that behind me or on a retainer. 

Zelda and Chill is frequently my journalling soundtrack. Perhaps I need to try some other music, to disrupt my journalling. Alex will be back from Bunnings soon. I'm going to go for a walk. My mind really does go in circles. I need to be careful of TikTok today, and sugar.  this shit is kind of hard.

Journal Entry 30
2024-07-10

Journal entry number 30, 10th of July. 

Energy work, healing practises and ideas: Set the environment. Somatic exercise yoga especially so as hip release. Qigong. Rebounding. Grounding with bare feet in nature, on the grass. Shadow journalling. Guided meditation. Sound healing. Chakra meditation. Loving, kindness meditation, higher self-meditation. Breath work.

Tapping, or Emotional Freedom technique. Crystals. Candles. Aroma therapy. Reiki, and Reiki meditation. Taking a bath, bathing, showers.

Journal Entry 31
2024-0

Journal entry 31, 10th of July, 1.38 PM 

Shadow work. Journalling exercise. IFS Parts mapping. Getting to know the Protectors. Stage one, find focus and flesh out. Stage two, feel toward. Stage three, befriend and find the fears. 

Stage one: 
- What do you notice when you turn your attention inward?
- Where do you feel it in your body? 
- Are there parts of the body that do not feel like me, what, all motions or thoughts come to the fore? 

Fidgeting tightness hard to find Stillness. I feel that in my shoulders, my knees, my mid back sickness in the shoulders. I need to move my body to feel like it belongs to me. I noticed that I want to be peaceful but there's a tension and text that are stopping me from accessing the peace. I feel it in my muscles and joints and connective tissue. Everything wants to adjust and readjust and can never find ease. Sometimes my feet don't feel like they are connected. Sometimes my arm feels so tight. It won't do what I need it to do. My hips feel like they are holding decades old memories. Emotions and thoughts. I feel worn out. Sad neglected. I don't know what I think. Other than I wish I felt better. I long for hope. 

There's a small tightness in my belly just under my ribs. There's a listlessness and a sense of loss. Sometimes urgency comes up but not right now. I feel between planes, like I just want to curl up in a blanket and hide and recover for as long as it takes me. A tiny pang of guilt and feeling that I'm unable to do. That grief, grief for the future future past warning. What has been and what could have been and what could be. 

Focus. Can you allow what is emerging to be there recognise the part that needs attention? Focus on this for a little while. She's crying, she's sobbing because she's lost everything. She feels no hope. She is on her knees sobbing to the ground. She's out of control, she can't talk or communicate because she's uncontrollably sobbing hard. Grief pours out in waves and waves and waves unmetered uncontained. I'm going to give her attention now. I'm going to focus on this part of me that feels so scared alone out of control, lost hopeless, and destroyed.

Find a clear image. Find a precise set of body sensations in specific parts of the body. Search for memories and listen for messages. She's in an empty blank, wallless, space, somewhat Dusty and hazy. She wears, plain clothes. She's on her knees sobbing into her hands and the ground. At times she is inconsolable. She has no one. Tightness moving across the chest and back high in the throat. Hunched shoulders, tears, urged to cry, Heavy head, A memory of sitting in bed at Maylands after just moving in uncontrollably, sobbing feeling pain in my arms, from the grief, calling the wrong person. Ben, instead of Kate. I'm so scared to be alone. I'm so afraid, I'll disappear. I'm so afraid I can't control the grief. Desperation hurts me. 

Stage two. How do you feel towards this part? 

I feel sad for her scared for her. I don't know how to reach her. I think sometimes I can find her but then she is lost.

Sometimes I'm too blocked to help her. When I'm distracted with racing thoughts, perhaps she tries to get my attention but I can't hear her. Sometimes, I think she made bad choices and I can avoid being her by making better choices by keeping focused. Deep down I know she can heal and find comfort again.

Part of me wants to comfort her. But trying to hold her is like holding sand. I don't know how to get her to stop feeling so sad to stop wailing. I want her to come on a journey with me. I want to show her it can be better, but I can't get through.

Perhaps she's trapped in a box. I want to help her and find healing find who she is looking for. I know she is scared, but I want her to know that it's okay. I kind of want to protect her. Is that a protector? Don't be sad, it's okay. Which is different to life can be scary and hard and that's how it will be sometimes, but not all of the time.

I want to tell her that no feeling is forever but she is locked. I feel a parent figure towards her, which is maybe how I was parented, but I actually want to approach her with the ways. I want to parent with the eight Cs: calm connection compassion, creativity Clarity curiosity, confidence, courage, I also feel myself trying to drag her in a playful teenage way, drag her away, but that's a distraction The protector is confused distracted distracting. Don't look over there. Don't be sad. There's something fun over here, that will take your mind off of it. I don't understand. You be more like me. 

Next steps, start again with this protector, the distractor, go through stage, one and stage, two, rinse and repeat until you can progress.

When you have enough self-energy to progress, which is enough of the Cs are present to fuel toward Then stage three create a two-way relationship between self and part. Ask the part, is it aware of self and ask it? Is it willing to connect? Once a relationship has been established, ask: what do you achieve by doing your job?

And number two, what are you scared Would happen if you stopped doing your job?

Journal Entry 32
2024-07-15


Journal entry 32, 15th of July 10.30 PM. 

I have so much to report since our last journaled. Wednesday was my day off and I did lots of energy work. Thursday morning, I freaked out and booked my MRI. I went to the remedial massage therapist in Nairne and I was blown away by the experience.

She did cupping on my back and I could feel it healing I also felt good telling her all my pain issues. Afterwards, I felt wobbly, but definitely better.

I think I'm going to calm it on the supplements and switch to adrenal cocktails and focus on gut healing foods. Going to eat a lot of fresh fruit, soups and smoothies in the next few weeks. 

MRI at Jones radiology on Friday morning. I brought Alex there but I had to go in alone. It was weird. I felt vulnerable in a little room without with a key to put on my gown. She padded my head in and I slid into a tube, tears streaming. I was in there for 15 minutes. Apparently, in that time,I ran through every gratitude that came to mind.

And there were so many at some point. Last week I had a revelation. I couldn't believe how much attention I'd given to my weight and the aesthetics of my body. I've been thinking about my health and my healing in a different way. I need to heal my gut. I need to release trauma.

I'm doing somatic exercises. I'd love to do them every day. I'm Keen to book in massage therapy monthly other than exercise. I need to be doing physical therapy every day or so. Friday, I felt like a new person and I felt super productive moving. Saturday, dad, and Helen came to take Bowie out for breakfast and play while Graham helped, Alex, move heavy stuff.

We had a huge family day between Nairne and Charleston and officially moved here as of Saturday night.

The house is so warm. Nairne house is so bitterly and cold in Winter. It makes day-to-day living so much easier. I wanted dedicate myself to keeping this place clean, and importantly, cleaning up dust vacuuming dusting. I'm certain I'm allergic to dust mites and I couldn't believe the dust buildup after we moved the bed, no wonder I'm sick. No wonder. I need to be vigilant against dust. I want a laminated checklist for cleaning the house that includes moving the couches, moving the bed and dusting and vacuuming. I haven't been sleeping as much as maybe I should. I feel like I'm in a state of chronic stress.

I can't wait for the move to be over. I need to do something to decompress myself. Once it's all done. I can't always avoid stress in life, but right now I need to shed some so I can Get back to wellness and I'm also trying to work through trauma.

I think I might have PMDD. I have felt crazy the last few times I've had my period. I'm almost mid-cycle now, and I'm a little nervous about the next cycle. I'm starting to feel a little sleepy now, after magnesium, hot chocolate, somatic, exercise and journalling. I need to cut my TikTok habits.

So PMDD. Reading suggests limit caffeine, limit sugar, limit alcohol, increased protein increased, good fats, increase complex carbs. Increased magnesium increased calcium, increased B vitamins. Do yoga, get sun exposure, do seed cycling. Other things I'm trying to add or incorporate are sound healing and sound and healing frequencies , EFT Tapping, IFS mapping, nature baths.

Grounding Cayenne pepper, dry brushing for lymph drainage. Rebounding. lifting heavy once a week. Acupressure, somatic shaking, dance, intuitive movement, and stretching, breath. Work juggling, shadow journalling, standing desk. Adrenal cocktails, exile walks, heat therapy, water therapy, turmeric natural painkiller. No longer taking panadol and ibuprofen, resting, and couch rotting and gratitude practise.

My gratitude in the MRI machine reminded me that "we practise today so we can practise tomorrow" and we can practise so we can show up prepared when we most need it. I had a lovely day yesterday. In the city, taking Bowie to Illuminate at the Museum, with the Winslows to see the city lights. Everything was so beautiful and I reminded myself that all these lights need programming and I am a programmer. How can I get into programming some lights? 

The drive back to Charleston was so long but I suppose we'll get used to it. Today was back to packing the Nairne house and there's so much to do.

I spent all day worrying that Samara would call me with the results of my MRI. I felt relieved as the day went on but then it occurred to me that she might not work on a Monday. So I suppose I'll spend tomorrow being worried about it too. I'd love to escape the worry and move into a place of acceptance.

My main tool at times, like this is NLP. I'll feel great when this week of worry is over. For now, I'd like to try some Journal prompts to promote sleepfulness. Prompt: what was my favourite part of today? Waking up with Bowie, in a warm and comfortable room eating breakfast. Stopping for a coffee at Little Birdy, talking to my dad on the phone, taking a bath with Bowie. Prompt what other benefits of going to bed? To be cosy and warm relax my body, be with my family, rest tired eyes. Put away, thoughts, dream up nice scenarios. Get the rest that my body needs. Recharge repair heal.

Journal Entry 33
2024-07-16

General entry 33. 16th of July 9.40 p.m.

I'm in the Charleston house. Alex and Bowie are asleep.

I just watched an episode of Girls. It's such a fucking good show. It made me wonder if I'll ever feel that free spirited feeling again. Being in puddles of friends, cooking for each other. Taking drugs, staying up late carrying through the weekend. I feel like that's behind me and it makes me sad.

What would it be like to go clubbing all night? 

I have a fog of depression today. I think it's the stress of moving plus everything else. I wanted to be so much further by now, I wanted to get so much done in the next two days. I think I need to move at a powerful speed tomorrow.

Alex has been slow. I can't change Alex, I am in charge of my own destiny. 

Destiny... we watched Finding Dory this afternoon. I love that movie. 

I've been listening to lots of podcasts while going through the move and I wanted to write down some of them. Reply All: no other podcast has my heart like Reply All, PJ Voght and Alex Goldman. I love them. The golden age of Gimlet. I'm revisiting old episodes: Adam Pisces and the Two Dollar Coke, Super Tech Support. Yes Yes No. Every few years, I re-listen to it. Re-listen to it and it makes me feel fuzzy. Today, I've been listening to Hello and it makes the hard work easier.

If I could make something as creative, compelling, interesting, real, and Innovative as Reply All, I would be proud. Other podcasts: tech news, ghost stories, gossip, internet. Celebrities drag queens. Thought-provoking vaguely historic podcasts. I listened to an awesome one about a guy who studied the player piano and invented the electronium. Truly the first AI songwriting machine decades ago. I always loved music technology history the most in my music degree. I wish I had better understood how to program synthesizers instead of being glazed in beer and whipped cream. Well, we had synth lab class still I loved Dr. Rock's music history class learning about the first recording of Mary had a little lamb. The invention of the Moog and more. I'm trying to explore more subjects and areas but some, I always gravitate to a songwriting music production, engineering and invention, human Dynamics, computer and human interaction, music technology, musical theatre, interactive theatre, psychology, science fiction, speculation, Intrigue, conspiracy, magic, and ghosts. There's more for sure.

I have very little interest in the following: politics, sport, major world events. Theoretical maths and Sciences. I have some interest in video games. I an interested in comedy, toys, playgrounds, City design, urban planning transport, Logistics, resource management, project planning, events. I love stories, TV movies podcasts entertainment in general. I don't like the news.

I enjoy clever children's programming but I can't stand 80% of kids media. I tried my best to take an interest in the experiences of people of colour, but I don't feel a strong gravity towards it, although I know it's important. I believe in healing over medicine. Spirituality over religion, community over marriage.

Interested in AI but I'm scared from an economic point of view. I'm kind of interested in economics and I'm kind of interested in data. Maybe I could plot my interests on a matrix. #bookmark

Journal Entry 34
2024-07-22

Journal entry 34 Monday, July 22nd.

Stream of Consciousness Journey. Clean it out. I want to clean my house. Charleston. I deserve to live in a clean house. This is literally a dream house. Dreams do come true.

But I need a journal and meditate on gratitude. Slowing down, being happy with what I have. Not needing to fill my brain 24/7 with TikTok and podcasts. How long would it take me to break the addiction - three days? I guess that's a holiday from my life and from my habits. habits holiday.

Everything is a TikTok folder. Dinner: I saved a recipe on TikTok. cleaning the house. I have a whole folder for cleaning the house on TikTok.

I don't like domestic labour but maybe I would like it more if my brain wasn't so high speed. Do I want my brain to be high speed? I don't know. It's surprises me that I forget the benefits of journalling. The benefits of meditation, yoga, gym. I haven't been to the gym in two weeks.

I want to build back into routines. I think I could develop a routine for two months and the weekend can be about disruption. Disruption is important. Back at work for CLG today. After moving house for two weeks, feeling very uninspired about CLG. Actually, I want to spend two more weeks on this house and I guess I can be deprogrammed or reprogrammed to like house work.

My hand hurts. I need a better journalling setup. That will come, these things will come. Maybe tonight, instead of watching TikTok, I'll do some much needed housework. 

Journal Entry 35
2024-07-23

Journal entry 35, July 23rd, Tuesday, 8.50 a.m.

This is my morning Pages journalling as part of my energy work protocol. As an action, I'd like to extract mantras from these journals. These will be mattress or affirmations. That I can repeat to myself use while tapping. create into art work. Over and over. In my journal, for example.

I deserve to have a clean home. Morning Pages. As part of energy work is to clear my head. After this, I'll go for a walk. I have been watching TikTok by Sarah Shauer and I find her so interesting, maybe I'll try her podcast. She has read dozens of books on sociology since the beginning of the year and shared on TikTok that she had an ego death.

That's what I need - to get out of my own way. I also heard that on a, We Made it Weird podcast. Val was talking about Pete's trauma work. And when you were doing this work, you need to be careful what to feed your system, as you are highly susceptible.

For example, if I'm doing my shadow work, but then I'm watching garbage and fear mongring TikTok. It's not the best healing. I'm also re-watching girls. It's such a well-written show, but it might be triggering for me. Maybe that's why I go back to Adam Pisces and the Two Dollar Coke, it makes me feel warm.

Maybe I'd have fewer fears of social relationships. If I had more friends I saw more often. Maybe I need a movie to watch on repeat like Rocky Horror and Shock Treatment. I've been thinking about homeschool for Bowie and home school community. Sounds nice.

Journal Entry 36
2024-07-25

Journal entry 36. July 24th. Wednesday, 10.30 p.m. 

Night Journalling as opposed to morning journalling. Also I'm trying in different pen.

I'm off leftovers and ibuprofen. I don't think either are good for my gut.

What do I want to get out of journalling? I want to understand my roles and responsibilities to help me design my day-to-day life. To spell out my dreams. Tease out my unconscious desires. Pattern finding on what I want. So I can give the universe a specific request instead of a vague ask. Collate good habits and identify bad habits. So I can design and implement strategies. Unearth and work through my fears so I can be less afraid. Understand my body, find patterns, keep a record, wax lyrical, right? Poetical. Find my shadow and turn it toward the light.#bookmark

Today Bowie had about four melt downs, some in public. And I did well to keep my calm throughout. I was grateful to another mum in the bathroom who said "you're doing great" and nearly made me cry. So, I was But at bedtime, I felt a shiver of existential dread in my body.

My mind started racing with mortal thoughts. I decided to let the feeling run through my body to try. Quiet the obsession. I think it worked. So I think being so triggered by a screaming child all day and existential dread must be connected. The last two weeks of house move and daycare have been taxing, but overall quite good for my mental health.

I want to brain dump some stuff. I want yoga to be an almost daily practise. I want to go to the gym once a week, maybe twice if I'm making up a last week. I basically want to get my money's worth.

Life admin twice a week, once at a cafe and once at home to make phone calls, Journalling seems to fit in easily but I don't want to lose it. I want some kind of energy practise at least once a week, meditation Shakti mat, nature bathing, tapping Shadow Journal, bath, Etc.

Spend some time putting together activities for Bowie on the weekends. Get a remedial message, once a month. clean the house daiy. 

Put together a cleaning chart. dailyish chores. Weekly deep clean. Daily tidy. Daily small jobs. Cooking food from fresh. Limit leftovers. a date night. Code Like a Girl work, personal projects, GitHub. CLG TikTok experiment for one month. Play music with Bowie bedtime routine for Bowie. Reading in bed. I'm in bed with the lights on.

Finances. It's always on my list, but I never look at it important. 

Today I listened to The Case of the Missing Hit from Reply All. It's so good. It's perfect. It's warm. I've also been watching Drag Race All Stars All Winners, re-watching like a hug. Alex and I watched some College Humour stuff on the couch just now and laughed so hard it hurt. Media is important to me. I'm excited by the idea of doing some TikTok stuff. I want to work on exciting stuff. I'm bored by the Capri WordPress website and the internship platform. I also want to be around cool people doing cool, creative things. Cities are exciting.

The country is also very exciting. Maybe we should sell our house in Nairne and buy an apartment in Adelaide. Maybe as an experiment, we should get an AirBnB. It's a good idea. I think Adelaide could still be an interesting City with interesting people.

I love the idea of Melbourne but we have such a strong safety net here in SA. And I don't want to be far away from my dad, especially by while Bowie is still young. And maybe another baby but we'd want to keep our Nairne namb house for two more years, capital gains, something something.

I'm actually quite excited by that idea. I want Bowie to have more access to stuff. He's such an excited kid. Is the country too slow paced for him. I definitely identified as a city kid when I was young, I so desperately want to recapture some kind of youth, but I feel like it's slipping away.

Chappell Roan said that inner child work was key to her success. Inber child journalling prompts. What did you do for fun as a child? What did you want to be when you grew up? What did you imagine? You would be when you grew up What were your favourite subjects at school?

Okay, I'm just gonna do some.

Drama clearly was my favourite school subject. Although most people dissuaded me from thinking about a career in acting because it was hard or because I was not good. I liked art for a time but at some point, it got away from me. It was never a burning passion, but it was fun.

Photography, music,though, I felt limited controlled in a sense of perfection. I like Italian and Spanish enough. Mostly, I think I liked our primary school Italian teacher Senora. As a kid, I wanted to be an actor star in movies. I wanted to be a rock star. I wanted to be on the stage.

I wanted to have children. I wanted to have a lover. As a child, I'd love to put on plays. I was always the writer and director and occasionally the star.

Journal Entry 37
2024-07-28

Journal entry 37, Sunday, 28th of July, 10 pm. 

Today, I feel compelled to Journal about children's entertainment. Also ideas for my 40th birthday. Plus why I struggle being in the moment, is it related to OCD? I'm also putting a few pieces together around my health. Maybe hyper-mobility. Mast cell activation syndrome, and other stuff. 

This is Sunday night. All weekend I've been excited to get back to work on Monday. I know I'm feeling kind of fired up about work at the moment. But I think it takes me out of the moment when I'm with my son. He's so small and sometimes I'm in such a bad mood, or sometimes he's in such a bad mood. As sometimes struggle. Looking down the barrel of two hours until the next meal or scheduled activity or sleep. Wondering what we'll do. worrying. And sure how to keep his attention. Maybe more so how I'll keep my attention? I struggle with simple stuff like blocks. I don't know what to build. I can't model it. But we build something and it falls over. He cries frustration. Then everything is frustrating. He asks if he can watch TV, we both know it will soothe his frazzled nerves.

Is he getting too much screen time? Should it be educational? At the least, it should have good production. Tonight after Annika's birthday party. I had fun with Bo. I enjoyed getting him to bed, he was in a good mood. I think it's easier when he's in a good mood.

I want to let go of the need to constantly enrich him. I have to allow him to be bored and discover things on his own. In fact, today he played independently with Duplo while I did some tidying The problem is not him, it's me. I so struggle when my brain doesn't have something good to chew on.

Is that my OCD or more so the Obsessive part. I look outside at the rolling green paddocks. Beautiful craggy trees. Ducks water. And I will myself to relax into it. I honestly wonder if I need the help of drugs and alcohol like CBD or something. So I wonder if that's why I'm interested in kids entertainment and toys because my brain can chew on it while I play with Bowie.

Having said that? I have two strong memories. Creating a clay playhouse in the art room at lunch time with my friend, Emily at primary school. And the Cuboree Hopporrees performances being some of the most fun experiences of my life. Today, Bowie and I watched the Justine Clark Show. It was so well written acted and produced. Sometimes I feel like I could do something like that. I feel compelled to message Tash about Fringe 2025. I'd love to do something as simple as a dance party. It doesn't need to be well thought out just fun. 

Then I wondered and thought about a music and movement Festival with kids yoga. Drumming with Justin. dance, party, Etc. Meditation That kind of thing. Maybe that's what my OCD needs. Mini or big projects to dream about. Time to reorganise my head. If I'm thinking about stuff, it's more likely to happen. A kids show, puppetry dance party, music and movement Festival. I've also been thinking of ideas for Bowie space themed birthday party. From today, a balloon pit room. Scavenger hunt. Also outdoor stations like Galaxy playdough craft. An art table, like decorator spaceship, an indoor dance party. With glow-in-the-dark stars as party bag gifts. 

Then I was thinking about my 40th. And how to make it good and fun and low stress. Buy lots of drinks, and Outsource the food. Have a theme like karaoke drag Musicals science fiction. Something really creative like the future cocktails, a signature cocktail. I want to think about what I really want from my 40th, heck, Okay, so lastly I think I should explore my hyper-mobility as a connective tissue disorder.

I wanted to talk to Dr. Samara hypermobility nerve pain. Muscle spasm carpal tunnel, weak vision. Light-headedness anxiety. Hypochondria panic disorder. Dissociation master cell, activation hives, gastric issues, reflux brain fog, sinusitis congestion. Muscle weakness. It could also be a mass activation condition. Okay, that's no fun to end on. It's time to wind down for bed.

Now, I hope I dream of delight, colourar, gardens, friendship, sun, Moon, and sweetness.

Journal Entry 38
2024-07-30
Journal entry number 38, Monday, July 30th 9.40 am .

A one-pager Morning Pages brain dump. intentions. Today is a good day. Today is mine for the taking. If I start to doubt myself, I can do a tapping meditation. I know headache is coming on, but this time I'm getting ahead of it.

The sun is shining and I hear birds. today was cool and frosty. I'm back on my social media game for Code Like a Girl today. When I make myself a coffee, it will be delicious. 

My good posture while I'm working, means I am caring for myself. 

Sometimes, I think I could be a really good indie journalist like PJ Voght. He is one of my heroes. Heroes journalling is a good idea. Arts and engineering keeps coming back to me. Finding Joy for adults, maybe. Maybe I want to entertain kids so I can help parents. I want to see the world in Fuller colour. I think I'm coming back to life, smile.

Side note. Look up Haoi Miyazaki interview about how he makes films for children and adults can benefit, but it doesn't work the other way around.

Journal Entry 39
2024-07-31

Journal entry. 39 July 31st. 2024, 12 12 am. 

Can't sleep, won't sleep. Can't sleep? Clown will eat me. Midnight. Not sleepy. I'm planning to get up at 6am tomorrow. Tomorrow we'll go one of two ways depending on whether I wake up at 6am. But I can't will myself to sleep.

I'm drinking hot chocolate. Hoping the Magnesium helps. I'm day two of my period. I wonder if I have PMDD. I did not like the person I was with Bowie this morning. Not being a kind and gentle mum, not a side of myself, I would show to anyone else. I do feel like I did my best to repair it and apologise for being cranky.

He is only a toddler and he doesn't really remember. But I feel like I need more support so I can have more headspace. To bring to the time I spend with my child, I wish Alex would do more. I wish Alex would try to preempt my needs. Alex doesn't really look after me.

Best he does is offered to make me a cup of tea or coffee, sometimes, when I look like I need it. He doesn't prepare Bowie's daycare bag on days I do both drop off and pick up. He doesn't put the clothes away. He doesn't put Bowie's bathers aside.

He doesn't look after his own health. He doesn't take control of things when he's in charge of pickup. It's so fucking exhausting. I thought to myself tonight that every day I could ask for one smallish thing tonight. I asked him to hang laundry after Bowie's bedtime routine. He looked physically pained. Sheryl Sandberg says, make your partner a real partner. I don't know how I can do that with Alex.

I know I'm in a low mood because of my period but I wish he would look out for me in more than a perfunctory way. Otherwise, I have to keep asking for what I want, or I have to draw a line in the sand. Is that all keeping me awake? I wonder. 

My period day two and I truly was cranky today. I was in a fluster trying to get ready for swimming. I lost my phone in the process. Went to swimming five minutes late. No phone and had adventures in Kmart in the wetlands afterwards. When I'm in a bad mood or I feel out of control, I buy things.

First a fillet of fish burger, which I've been craving, then a Happy Meal for my inner child and my real child. Then a bunch of stuff at Kmart like a light for my computer and a book about the vagus nerve and Bowie, socks and fine liner pens. Then a water bottle from Coles.

I was feeling pissy that Alex took my small water bottle and just claimed it without considering that I might have wanted it. He even put a sticker on it, kind of a marking of territory. I want to go to sleep. What is stopping me from turning off the lights and putting my head on the pillow?

Probably the fear of the ruminating thoughts. How can I tap into a visualisation mindset to help me sleep?

Today, Bowie asked me to draw the cow jumping over the moon. I tried to draw it. And he got upset saying he didn't like it and that kind of hurt my feelings. That was at 7 45 a.m. and kind of set the tone for my whole day. I just wish someone would genuinely care about how I'm feeling.

Alex half asked. And when I gave my response, I said I felt like I was a bad mum. He asked nothing more nothing more. I said because I felt like I was a bad mum and he basically he didn't care like he didn't want to know. Even for Bowie's sake he didn't want to know more about me breaking one of my core values.

I'm fearing that will lead to me start shutting him out.

Like doing the experiment to see how much and in, what way, he shows interest in me and or if he cares towards me, Today was perfunctory at best blowing air kisses at me. I don't really like that. It feels dismissive. I've told him that in the past as well.

Should I tell him again? Should I do my "ask one thing every day" experiment? This is why I won't sleep until I figured this out or I pass out, whichever comes first. I wish I could let it go just to sleep but I'm annoyed at myself too. I'm the one who sets the precedent for not showing interest in myself or paying myself care and attention.

I have such a high load to carry. I'm organising all of the tradies, finances, legalities and working with the agency to get our Nairne house listed. Which I didn't really want to move. I didn't want to move out of our house but we had to because Alex didn't get a job even though wasted 50 Grand doing almost nothing for a year.

I still Harbour resentment to him about those first two years, And it seems so dissonant to me that I would want another baby with him. We don't even have sex, he shows no interest in sex with me. He shows no interest in making me feel loved or Beautiful or cared for I suppose the feelings had to come out once we completed the move.

Literally, what am I going to do? Separate under the same roof, demand his show interest in me. Do the emotional work and labour to bring him on the journey. Every path is a challenge to me. Shut him out and created toxic environment for our child. That's the worst possible outcome.

I need to talk to him. What should I say? When you do that kiss thing, it feels dismissive. It feels like You're thinking you're doing something, but it feels like you're trying to shut down any connection. I've put a huge amount of energy into organising stuff for the house in terms of organising all the tradies. The insurance. The agent. It leaves me with very little headspace and then I also have to do the majority of Bowie pickup and drop off. It means when I have my day with Bowie on Wednesdays, I'm not bringing my best self, I'm bringing an impatient version of myself. I wish I felt like you had some stuff more under control or you were looking out for me.

I spend a lot of my emotional energy, helping both Bowie and you regulate your emotions and I wish someone would be looking out for me. But I feel like I look after everyone and no one looks after me. When I said the other day, I felt like I had been a bad mum. You really didn't ask about my experience at all. Actually that morning. Was quite bad for both me and Bowie and I don't like the way I acted around him and you weren't even a bit interested or worried about what that looked like for him. And then also, I feel like you knew that being a good mum, is important to me a core value and you didn't care that I broke one of my core values.

I have literally no idea when I would say this to Alex. tomorrow morning in the car, on the way to daycare tomorrow, after Bowie goes to bed. I feel like I've been processing a lot just now feels likeI've been working something out of my neck too. Time to put my head on the pillow.

Journal Entry 40
2024-08-05

Journal entry number 40, Monday. Fifth of August. 9 A.M. 

Things I want and need to talk to about with Alex. When you are sick there's no space for me to be nurtured. That's fine. And it makes sense but a few things it does wear on me and I would just like to be acknowledged and shown gratitude because I know when you're sick you have very little capacity.
 
But I should hope you would at least have capacity and gratitude towards me. If you can't find capacity for gratitude, then I'd hope you could actively work on your mental health. To build that I also hope you could work on your physical health and perhaps see a doctor to get a blood panel and understand more about how your thyroid and insomnia could be affecting your health.

I would hope you'd do some learning about your body and prioritise the things that keep you in good health. I wish you were more of an active participant in your own health because I care deeply about you and your health directly impacts me and it impacts Bowie. I've taken on a lot over the past years months and weeks.

I'm shouldering all of the admin work of getting the house, ready to rent and that takes a lot of my headspace between that and work and the general day-to-day of household stuff. I have such limited headspace to care for myself. And it means I have limited headspace and patience when it comes to my Wednesdays with Bowie, Last week I was so awful to him.

I hate how I acted towards him. I hate that. I was so low on reserves. That I had no space for him. I'm struggling and I don't know how to talk about this with you. When I try to talk about or ask for little things, they often feel like you are taking them as an attack or taking it personally.

I'm not sure how I'm supposed to stand up for myself when the risk is that it sends you into a spiral. I'm coming to accept that you have limited capacity, you can't take on the tasks like talking to tradies or insurance, and I have to take over the hospital comms for Bowie.

I am coming to accept these sorts of things and I have to wrestle with myself over them because at the end of the day, it's whatever, but I don't feel like there's an even distribution of responsibility and at the end of the day I don't feel nurtured or cared for or like you have any interest in me or that anyone is looking out for me, except me I know that's not entirely true but it's often how I feel.

When I get sick, I'm not allowed to be sick. I'm still having to keep the household together, it wears on me, and it becomes chronic pain in my body. And even then, I have to keep going. I'm constantly trying to work on my health and my mental health and build it up.

It's the most important thing to me and I also don't really feel that anyone else is looking out for me and my health. So I don't know where that leaves me. I give all of myself looking after Bowie and looking after Alex and trying to keep on top of things like finances and life admin.

And when I start to crash, I just keep going. And I pull from the well that is already dry. And it would be okay. And fine. If I had a soft Landing, if I felt nurtured But these times that I feel nurtured are so few and far between. To me, being nurtured, looks like Alex taking an active interest every day in how I am. How my sleep was, how my body is feeling? What I'm doing to look after myself. 

Being nurtured looks like my dad bringing over dinner to feed everyone. Being nurtured, feels like people telling me I'm doing a great job at being a mum. Being nurtured feels like Rob and Pip taking an active interest in keeping me accountable. Being nurtured means friends messaging me to ask for a catch up. Being nurtured feels like a one hour massage. It feels like the doctor remembering me and taking an interest in my health issues. It feels like my partner doing things to look out for me or take things off my plate. It feels like packing a bag or packing a snack box for me and Bowie or making me a cup of tea and saying, you go have a lie down for an hour or saying, I'll take Bowie out for the morning and you can relax or taking control of decisions and situations. Being nurtured means being present, making me lunch, being acknowledged and told that I'm appreciated told what I'm doing. Well being so love and affection and being shown gratitude.

This is all a lot and I've cried writing it. I absolutely need to prioritise talking about this with Alex, maybe today, maybe tomorrow, maybe this week, I owe it to myself.

Journal Entry 41
2024-08-07

Journal entry 41, Wednesday. 7th of August, 1 pm. 

I feel an angst in my chest, which part is that? shadow slash parts work. 

Stage one, I feel it in my shoulders, my chest, my stomach, it is knotty. It is worried about something worried about lots of things. But it feels more like angst than anxious. its centres into the middle of the chest.

It feels sometimes separate to me but then it branches into my shoulders and stomach and constricts me. It says you should be worried, it feels dark and tight. It is incredibly lonely and burdened. It has not seen the sunlight in a long time. It is crouched and bunched. It is scared.

It is Vigilant. It reaches for attention by branching into my arms. Then retracts back in. It wants me to notice it. It is trying to get my attention by making me think about worries, but really it wants attention. Love and light to entangle itself. It seems to be tied up and tangled into something in the dark with the light off.

No windows. Trapped Tangled. Neglected forgotten struggling. Alone. But remember summer what life was like, what light was like, what love was like. Memories of faint most memories now are of the dark. Early flushes of brightness. So bright, no worries of being a child at the beach. sand. Happy, sunscreen, hats, smiles.

But like said, the memories are hard to hold. So it retracts. Stage two. I feel so sad for this part. It seems so desperate and afraid. I want to show it the light but I'm not sure how I don't feel like I could bear its need and it's crushing grip.

I want to hide from it and pretend it's not there.

The eight C's. calm, connection compassion, creativity, Clarity confidence, courage and curiosity. They're not enough Cs. So we are in the presence of another part. 

This part, stage one. I feel this in my neck shoulders and throat. It feels tense and strained. It feels tired. Worried exhausted. Eyes are heavy this part does a lot of work. I feel compulsion to crick my neck. Ticks OCD got to keep moving. Got to hold the weight of the world on the shoulders. Don't go too deep sometimes. It feels like butterflies and anxiety. Nausea pain. The Sensations travel around the fatigue. Constant hypervigilance and crashing exhaustion.

A rushed tired woman who cares for everyone but can't care for herself. She can't take on anymore. She takes on so much. She is deeply sad. She remembers being young and beautiful. She remembers fun and Sparkles and parties. She says she can't keep going, but she doesn't know what to do.

Stage two, I care so deeply for this part. She's trying her hardest. She works so hard and feels so little validation. She has so much inside her, but can't go to her full potential. I'd even don't even know what she could be capable of. I think she could bring light to dark places.

Her love is so strong. Everything she does is based in love. 

Stage three. Is this part willing to communicate? Is this part aware of self? She is aware, but she is not sure if she is worthy. She feels like an imposter. She seems willing to communicate though. She is shy and stressed.

What does this part achieve by doing its job? What is she scared happen Would stop if she stopped By constantly running around and putting out small fires. We don't have to worry about big fires, like big existential questions and threats. Everyone can stay mostly safe but never have to face real fear.

She's so worried about mortality that it damages her own health, either trying to protect it or hide from it. She is truly a protector. Protecting everyone from feelings of dread or something. She is a parental figure.  She thinks I am about 20. If she stopped doing her job she is worried I would fall into deep existential depression and not know how to get out. And that would be so desperately lonely. She is afraid of the Tangled and the strangled part in the dark room, She wants to keep it in the dark room. She locked it in there when it reaches, she pushes it away like the Minotaur in the maze.

Maybe she is Pasiphae. She's worried that she created this tangle of Darkness. So now she keeps it hidden and she's trying to keep it from me. I need to ask her to step back so I can access the darkness. But she is so afraid that I can't handle it.

And every part of me wants to listen to her. She's the one who says hide yourself from sad TikToks about children. She's also worried about the obsessive part, the obsessive part scares her. She doesn't know how to control it. She tries to send it to the distractor part who is another protector.

She's worried that she'll lose control. She controls the destructive protector but she knows the obsessive part can win. I'm not sure if the obsessor is a part or a program or something, I can't access it right now, I think the obsessor is in the top of my head, And then in my heart and my throat and my stomach.

All down the Meridian, the obsessor stops Thoughts being processed through the body, the body, the self is the only one who can truly calm the obsessor and it is hard work. The matriarch wants to avoid the obsessor, or at least train it. Train it to something more like drag race instead of existential dread,  money worries, basic needs fear, fear of losing the people they love. These are real fears and she doesn't want me to face. Those are some of the fears held by the obsessor, the ball of Darkness is mortality afraid of being alone in pain losing love. Demetriarch doesn't want me to worry about those things but part of me does worry about those things.

The matriarch is trying to prevent anxiety and depression. She thinks she can prevent them and beat them. I mean, her to know that she doesn't have to shoulder. This burden, she doesn't have to hide the obsessor and the ball of Darkness from me. I don't have to hide my fear and my Darkness, I will be okay.

She has done a great job protecting me at the times I needed protecting But I don't need protecting anymore. Or maybe just sometimes I need her. I hope she can start to trust me and let me in a little. I love her a lot. She does a wonderful job.

I'm not 20, I'm nearly 40. I thank her every day for everything, she's done to look after me and the people I love.

Journal Entry 42
2024-08-08

Journal entry 42. Thursday. 8th of August 2024, 9.50 p.m. Today was Code Like a Girl's virtual Engineers Summit. It was beautiful. Inspiring, exhausting. More than anything, it made me want to connect with the CLG Community more and more. Hackathons, 100 days of code, accountability group. Build your portfolio group.Pm mentoring program. Workshops all that good stuff. 

I was very inspired by mishmanners Michelle Duke. She was such an  engaging speaker. So cool. A gamer. A. A hackathon Queen, over a hundred hackathons. She has created her own Tech startups. She's a developer advocate for GitHub, a global speaker. So many things. I admire And I think, do I want to be like her or is my brain tricking me?

But if I like something that I must like it, right? I'm finding myself. Unsure my own instincts. On the other hand, the other talks. TikTok seems like a vibrant company culture. If a little stuffy in their presentations.

Do I want to be part of a vibrant office culture? Question. 

Gretchen from Khalida had great advice. But similarly, something about her seemed corporate. I really don't think I want to be corporate. I want to be creative. I think I'm circling in on something. Tech software gaming toys interactivity experiences engineering AV Artistry music, Sensory experiences.

I went live on a TikTok today and that was fun. Being live to me is more fun than being recorded. It's unpredictable improvisational. At the same time, I would love to spend time crafting something as amazing as Reply All. But I do wonder if I have the patience and the vision for editing.

So, what do I want to do? Rob's journal prompt suggestion was "what am I restless about?" Time, I suppose. Age feeling too old. Feeling torn in multiple directions. Do I want to be a cool Tech whiz or a children's entertainment? Is their room for both? How can I have enough time to do all the things they want to do?

And just keep up with my day-to-day life? We'll come back to this prompt. It was something is making me feel agitated. So I'm worried that I'm circling the drain and that I'm missing something. I think I feel like I'm getting closer to an answer and then my instinct is to zoom out and say what are they missing?

I suppose that is one of my greatest skill sets, the ability to look across the picture laterally and longitude and spot opportunities and risks and things that no one else has seen. It's a blessing and a curse. It sometimes means I'll never start something because I struggle to zoom back in.

Skill inventory exercise. My hard skills include JavaScript, React Next.js Python AWS. My soft skills include seeing the big picture, resource Management, communication, project planning, troubleshooting. And documentation. The goal is to keep growing the hard skills. And soft skills will come through experience. This journal project should go for around three months, which feels like a good amount of time.

Last night, I had a talk with Alex. I made it clear how vital it is for him to care for himself so he can care about me. I think he got it, I felt much more cared for this week. Add to my list of ailments. I have a hemorrhoid. Ouch, it's not too bad.

My brain scan came back "perfect"  So that's a huge release. Relief. 

Prompt: core values. These are my core values. Work should be fun. Perfection is a lie. The 80% good rule. Work less earn more money. Create safe spaces. 

Prompt: What are my strengths and talents? What do I love about myself that I want to amplify?

I think I'm very charismatic and I can process things quickly and respond and problem solve quickly. I think I'm very smart without being overly academic. My knowledge is broad and my smarts are in connecting the dots. I see the big picture I can spot risks and opportunities. I know how to use resources well. I've practised resource management in video games. 

I like to be silly and I think there's very little point in being embarrassed. I love improv for this reason and my strength in things, like improv is putting myself out there first and showing people it's okay to make mistakes. That's where my leadership comes from.

I'm also extremely non-judgmental. I value creating nurturing safe spaces. Being a parent, often feels easy to me because I can approach everything with love. I like myself best when I have patience for myself and for others. I like that. I can work quickly and get results fast. I can make quick calculations and understand where to cut corners and where to put in the work.

I value "80% good". I think it's related to my ability to see the big picture to make quick calculations and then focus. I'm good and I am trained at focusing. I can usually do it on command. I have small rituals. I know the power of ritual and a good habits, and keeping yourself healthy as a number one priority.

As much as possible, I am respectful, and I appreciate those who came before me. Still, I love to challenge the status quo and that's something I quite like about myself. I think it might be interesting. A little unpredictable and fun to see what will happen. I value my creativity and I know I've shown aptitude to art, music, writing, poetry, theatre, and design. I know within these areas, there are technical skills to be learnt and there's great value in overlaying your point of view with those skills. 

I also think that I'm funny. I often make people laugh without even trying. I'm good at quips and call backs.

My humour is silly and inoffensive. I'm a good public speaker, my greatest assets are my confidence, my memory, my stage presence, and my voice. All of which I have trained and brought skill points, to over the years, through various endeavours. I also think it's cool that I'm interested in Commerce economics and Technology.

My brain can hold a lot of factoids and I'm going to connecting the dots, which is why I think sometimes I can predict the future. Again, a skill of resource management from video games. Maybe that's why I'm interested in futurism. Because I'm good at connecting the dots and patterns and information.

I also think I have a good outlook towards my skills and experiences. I see every situation as an opportunity for learning and growth. I think my dedication towards forever learning and always wanting to grow, be a better version of myself, as a great quality.

I was thinking I'm good at keeping other people accountable to this and when I truly care about someone I can show it in this way. I think the ability to get obsessed can be a superpower because I want to see things from all angles. Know it deeply and feel it.

I think I do the same thing with people sometimes and I guess it's fun. As long as they are on board, they're not going to feel used. I kind of show a great interest in people and I think that makes people feel really seen. I've also recently been working on staying in touch with people more, remembering things that are important to me.

I do deeply value my family, friends, community and network. I think it's the most important thing. Second only to my personal health. After that, I think it would be the greater good, the planet, the environment, or the people, the animals, the organisms, Etc. Zooming out and zooming back in, pan, like a camera.

Play the game, it should be fun.

Journal Entry 43
2024-08-9

Journal entry 43. Friday 9th of August 9 A.M. As I get towards the end of this experiment, I worry that I haven't focused enough on my initial prompts. I'm worried, I want to capture everything. I worry that I won't capture everything I need. I think this is linked to my fear of running out of time, running out of resources, running out of life.

I'm worried that my health will limit me. My hand cramping and my back injury limits, my ability to write. Expand that out to other health challenges and limitations. I predict that this exercise will find strong patterns there. 

There are some random things I want to document. I saw a huge train today, a freight train. I'm not so interested in the engineering and mechanics of trains as I am, the logistics of all of those Freight boxes where they come from, where they go, how they are loaded. 

I think I have a huge mental block around my finances at once. I find it tedious and scary. I think I have some trauma related to finances that I want to get past and I want to actually make money. Until I face that block slash trauma slash fear. 

I have the opportunity to really learn piano, but I struggle with the patience of the time, it takes I first need to decide, do I want to play piano? Why is it important? And then I would need a program or a protocol or a challenge, the translates into habits and goals. I'd be interested in trying two-week experiments. Tim Ferris For example, practise the piano daily for two weeks and then decided, if I want to continue This has worked for me in the past.

Once upon a time, I thought I wanted to do YouTube professionally. Then I tried it for a couple of months' like ago and I felt like I had scratched an itch and got it out of my system, it showed me that practically, it wasn't what I wanted to do. That's important to me, lifestyle is important. 

I kind of like Gardens, but I also like working indoors. I think the things I like about gardening other than the physical and mental health benefits is being connected to Nature and plants connected to your food. But also the idea of growing something creating something. Creativity thought and planning. Even when it's chaos, creating an environment, building a world, I think I still identify it as a "world builder", that's still an important part of my creativity.

I really miss the DIY internet. I'd love to create a web ring of crappy web pages for Code Like a Girl community. Perhaps that could be our Hacktoberfest project. I'd also like to get 100 days of code going again. I want to know this community and make real connections. It's so hard to do online. I still want creative in person connections as well. I miss hackathons bringing together the artist and the engineer. I do need balance. indoors, Outdoors, online, in person. At home, away, Interstate and international. I need these things to exist in equilibrium.

Caring for myself, caring for others. So later today, perhaps I will explore some of my journal prompt. I need to zoom out and zoom in. I need to dedicate time and space to my craft.

Journal Entry 44
2024-08-09

Journal entry 44 Friday 9th of August 9.30 p.m. 

What did child me need the most? To feel heard seen and respected. To be taken seriously. To have had my intelligence respected to be cooperated with and reasoned with. To be asked what I was interested in. About the books I was reading. To feel okay. And safe being lazy. Playing video games and watching TV. To feel safe in my creativity. To feel encouraged to explore different musical instruments. To wear the things I wanted to wear. To be given dolls to play with. To have endless art supplies and not to feel scarcity. To be given options an opportunities and shown Pathways. To have loving friends to be free from bullies and judgement. 

What was I like as a child? I was creative and imaginative. I loved playing pretend games, I loved playing Commander Keen with Katherine at the kindy playground. I felt like we were there all day. It might have only been 30 minutes at a time? I don't know. How old was I, seven? I don't know. I miss the childhood feeling of playing all day and summer, and being silly with friends and not knowing about time. I didn't know about time. I didn't know about time until probably High School. Sitting in my two hour weekly Spanish class and ticking off the minutes on my paper. I was somehow bored and that felt like agony. I remember summer holidays, playing the Sims in a dark room. Swimming at my friend's house, watching, foxtel on her TV, being with lots of friends, Having to leave my friends to go to work at KFC.

I think KFC was my choice. I probably wanted to make money. But I hated it. I got busted for giving away friends around $60 worth of food, for only 30 cents, pretty funny. 

When I was a kid, I loved to put on shows, I made my friends do plays for the grown-ups when we were all at one house. We had makeshift costumes. I'm sure the plays were awful and hilarious for the grown-ups. I remember the Deep feeling of Joy. I remember wanting a Furby. I remember feeling so let down when my when our parent bought my brother, a piano. I remember feeling so let down when my parents bought my brother a piano.

A resented having to practise my clarinet. Although I loved how much people enjoyed when I would perform. Drama class was one of my favourite things. It was such a non-judgmental place. I always felt so challenged, but so up for the challenge more than anything. I wanted the 100 lessons and 200 lessons plaques. I got them. I still have them. 

I liked dancing, the concerts, but my dance school was such a toxic environment and my parents never realised. I loved my dad's record collection and my mom's jewellery box. I loved my little dog Pepper, but I also felt burdened by the idea of looking after her even playing with her sometimes.

I was so excited to learn to drive and get a car. I was so excited for that freedom. I always wanted to learn to sew but I didn't learn actual techniques and I had big visions with limited patience. When I was little, I wanted to sew cats out of Calico fabric. And daydreaming about it was just as good as making it. It was quite good at art. And I took after school art class as a kid. I really wanted to go to out of school hours care during the holidays and I loved Girl Guides. I loved being around my peers and doing activities.

For a while I was good at swimming but I guess I stopped as a teen due to body confidence issues.

What impact do I want to have on the world? I want to consume less, I want to get out of the cycle of consumerism and capitalism. I'd like to make and enjoying more things with people in a sustainable way. Like growing a garden together and making a meal. The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.

I want to be part of a more sustainability as a movement in a community. Not in isolation and not a self-importance. I want to be part of other people feeling good, feeling, happiness, and joy. Life is hard but we can be silly and laugh. I want to help others find their silliness and laughter.

I want to move people to make them feel Humanity deep in their core. I want to be a leader in building a better future for people. I want to make a mark on the world to build something better. I want to acknowledge our boring dystopia. To help break the cycle through Community movement, entertainment, writing, and silliness.

Who and what do I admire? Gala Darling for being 40 and having pink hair. And being fabulous. Seeing that as self-care. And for building a movement and a dedicated Community. I was inspired by Mishmanners as a techie. And as a communicator slash Entertainer. She was so cool and engaging from her set to her presentation and her cadence.

Liz Gilbert. I love her writing so much. I love her openness her creativity. I love her poetry and her philosophy. The Sizzle is such a great tech newsletter and a daily thing. Pj Voght. Alex Goldman, Alex Bloomberg. I love their journalism, so much Sam Floreani for being under 30 voice in her field of tech and data ethics, getting published in newspapers. Still being cute and a bimbo in her socials. Ally for starting a company and having vision and bravery bravery could to keep seeing through the mission. Pete Holmes. I love his brand of spiritual comedy. I'm always drawn back to his podcast, especially the ones with his wife Val, hearing them work through their trauma, inspires me to do the same. Emma Watkins went for her dream to become Emma Wiggle. Then created her own character created music and shows as Emma Memma. The Decemberists Colin Meloy, unbelievable folk music. Dr. Carl was my first intro to science communication funny, goofy and smart connects with young people. Has a great job being live on radio and Triple J. Trixie and Katya, literal drag clowns building entertainment Empires. So, funny, just being themselves, being themselves in seven layers of drag makeup. And The Wiggles smart, simple quality children's entertainment,

Journal Entry 45
2024-08-10

Journal entry, 45 Saturday 10th of August 9 pm. 

Today, I had a lot of fun today. Jess, Corey Juni, Otis, Bec, Karen and Ewan came over for lunch and stayed until sunset. We played outside had a grazing lunch, had wine had a picnic, drew with chalk. Went on an adventure through the paddock, crossed a creek.

Saw cows, ate sweets. And then built forts on the blue mat played with toys, read books. Fort building was my element, finding ways to entertain the kids was fun. I felt almost manic in a good way. Lots of fast thinking and creativity. I think a three drink buzz helped, plus, just being with friends having a relaxed time.

Projects. I want to do Heart Measures recipe generator. Outfit Generator or capsule wardrobe Builder. Rules for parenting from TikTok design on canva and print from Kate Foster. Print La Desiderata and display at home. Make a TikTok style, Ultra short, film of Bowie dressed as an astronaut adventuring through the farm.

Crappy DIY websites web ring built by CLG Community. A journal AI analyser with GPT model to process all of these journal entries. A tarot card website, a component Library. I want to write a Blog Tech futurism or learning. Finish my puppet. Some kind of Entertainment project make a toy robots.

Make a Spotify app with an NFC interface. Make my sticky scheduler app. Build my own personal SB website. Build the productivity Garden app, kind of like forest different tasks have different weights and grow different size trees. Do a personal TikTok account? Make your kids resources website with activities games learning playgrounds restaurants, Etc. Like a database. Home task management and responsibilities, and this could also be related to the Garden productivity app. Web develop accessibility site and pledge from Code Like a Girl, hacktoberfest in 2023. Create a stem learning toy for kids. Make a fairy garden. Create a kids dance party slash DJ set.

Journal Entry 46
2024-08-12 

General entry 46, 12th of August Monday, 10.30 p.m. After a very social weekend, I have been dreaming about friends. I've been dreaming about making new friends and being close with existing friends. These dreams have shown me one to one interactions, we're talking about creative things and we're doing them together.

I think these dreams are showing me that I should think about trying to make a new friend. Befriend one creative person rather than trying to start finding a whole community. It's about quality over quantity, maybe also about connecting back into some existing creative friendships that I value. 

I want to be close with my friends. I had one dream where I sat cuddled with a friend while we painted small objects, and they said, can we do this every day? How can I find, good creative, outlets and activities that I can do with my friends? 

Journal Entry 47
2024-08-14

14th of August Wednesday. 9 40 P.M. A few years ago, I remember going to science week Science Alive at the showgrounds to speak to a group of school students. I always liked speaking with school students, they were so candid and Earnest and inspired. I love the exhibitors, the Space Centre all the cool interactive things.

I've always loved science communication, although I'm not that interested deeply in much science. I like being able to understand it on a metaphorical level. I loved Dr. Carl on Triple J. I always liked the idea of doing a science stage show for kids. I've been entertaining the idea of continuing with my website project sb.dev, my personal website.

I just need to get the basic thing online, then iterate. I am feeling a bit re-energized by Code Like a Girl but I'm feeling a few red flags creeping in Ally's optimism and I haven't seen the numbers in a while. I don't feel like I have a strong voice when it comes to the business.

Ally will just do whatever she wants. I started listening and re-listening to the Startup Podcast again with Alex Bloomberg. And it set me my brain on fire with ideas about Code Like a Girl. But my instinct is to try to push them down or I just drip feed them.

It's kind of exhausting. I'd rather put that creative energy towards a personal project. Hence the desire to work on my website and other projects. I want to make heart measures and my outfit generator just to scratch my own inch. I want to journal for a bit about my project ideas and what I see for them heart measures.

This feels so real in my head and probably needs a hundred hours to get off the ground - so coding daily for around four months. The Productivity Garden app is a cute idea that realistically needs lots of design, input, definitely more of a group project. Kids stories Spotify podcast, lots of creative work and writing then audio, engineering and marketing, probably 30 hours, and no idea if anyone other than Bowie would like it.

The Sticky Scheduler to scratch my own itch. It could be an open source thing. Maybe 20 hours to start. Tech futurism Manifesto. I'd need to get seriously back into reading and note-taking. This would be a big brain academic project. SB website. It's got to be done five hours, to get it done and deployed.

Tarot card website could be a good way to practise my design skills. Easily implement my Next Auth skills. Good portfolio piece. 10 hours to get started. Baby sleep myths. Eventually, I'd like to sell the domain. I need to turn it into a feed or an aggregation service like moosely.

Build your website website. This one has been hanging around for so long maybe there's a reason I haven't done it. Maybe I don't care. A record player for Bowie, a fun Tech project to get their family involved. Learn some new skills. On a side note I asked Corey where he thought the industry was going for people with my skill set he said combining business and Tech is where it's at.

My 20 minute kids act to tell to test the waters to see if I like being a kid's Entertainer. I would love to test it with such cliche. Should I message Tash? The outfit generator is something to help me develop and manage my own capsule wardrobe. A quiz to determine my categories. And how many outfits? I need 10 hours to start. 

I like the word blueprint. I'm the kind of person who makes blueprints not fine details. I'd love to do some more hackathons. It would be good to have a Blog and be known for it. It would also be great to develop a keynote. 

I'd need a core pitch or problem, a solution, an audience. It's amazing to me that I spent so much time being so obsessed with aquarium fish, my brain can hold a lot of knowledge. I can speak passionately about things which lends itself to sales or at least to opening sales.

I love the genetics of it all. Same thing I loved about Pokemon and cryptocats. That lit up all of my neurones. There was a gambling aspect, a surprise aspect. The breeding the waiting, the genetic traits the same reason. I wanted to breed fighting fish so bad. It reminds me a little of the dream I had years and years ago about the robotic school, the cloned professors and the young linguistic tutor who says, "but I'm not an engineer". That was a weird part of my subconscious that wanted me to be an engineer. I wonder why, now, I call myself a software engineer with confidence.

It feels good. It's not an ego thing. It's skills. I have the skills to manage in the apocalypse. That feels not completely out of the question, the apocalypse. That was another project idea, survived the apocalypse, maybe a quiz where you get, put into an archetype or role for the apocalypse. Some info about skills you'll need to develop, that sounds fun to me. 2020 almost felt apocalyptic. It would be resource management, communication systems. And entertainment, patron seat when the apocalypse. I'm also interested in speculative fiction reading it and writing it. 

I have to get sinus surgery this year, scary but good.

Journal Entry 48
2024-08-15

General entry 48 15th of August Thursday, 9 A.M. 

Something about video games in a boring dystopia? The fragment of an idea. Video games light people up, they light me up. Remember how addictive Candy Crush was? That's why I never played it. But I so want to play Two Point Hospital again.

I really love the home I'm in right now, at Charleston. A home should be warm and dry spacious, full of items, and Treasures, and tools that Delight. Have really cosy couches with cushions and blankets. Atmospheric lighting, it should be welcoming to friends. It should spark imagination and provide comfort. I should want to be here.

A Charleston. I love to stay and play here with Bo. At Nairne, I just wanted to get out of the house. I love wide, open spaces and places to explore. They're a joy and a privilege and it feels safe from the apocalypse, a place to live and grow.

Journal Entry 49

Journal entry 49. 17th of August. Saturday, 10 pm. 

I want to mention camp, the concept of camp. Drag, Rocky Horror, B movies. Many things are camp. There's an essay from the previous century that I want to track down and read. camp must not be spoken. I thought Blacklist was campy.

Today, I was looking at squishmallows. I recently bought my first squishmallow. Are they camp? If something is trying to be camp, that is against the rules. Many things I like at Camp but I may be breaking the rules by saying that. 

Remember Tanis - I loved that podcast so much. Black Tapes was good too. Recently, I've been listening to Other World, which is real people's spooky stories. There was something about Tanis. The folklore, the production, the storytelling. Gripping, but I could also really dissociate inside of it. Maybe that was the point after all. That's what Tanis is. Seeking Tanis, runner available.

Today, we went to Mount Barker, Kmart, Sushi train, the library, click and collect, then home. We watched Luca - very cute, and Alex made pasta. I had two glasses of wine, which was a beautiful buzz that dropped me right into the present moment. But then I broke a glass and I felt like I was in trouble.

The weather was awful today. I felt so antsy this morning facing a whole day of being indoors. I felt it would lead to too much screen time. I felt so antsy of the idea of letting myself get bored. It's hard with a toddler hard to relax into the boredom. I need wine to get onto their level. 

Prompt: friendships and relationships. I want to have relationships like in the song and video clip for Slip Away by Perfume Genius. I miss those so close, intimate almost obsessive friendships. I have had a few. But, I won't list them by name. The neighbour, the hat guy. The IT dad, the other IT dad. The high school bestie. Definitely others. I remember my first big crush from Gang Show. I miss crushing on my friends. It feels less accessible to me now. I miss meeting a new person and then diving head first into them.

I know my relationship with Alex is not new and so it's hard to get that feeling again. But what I would like is the feeling of ..."Oh love, they'll never break the shape We take". I think my relationship is a big source of pain and angst and I'm not even sure where or how to start pulling the threads of it.

What do I want? I'm worried that what I want is more than I'm able to get. I feel like I listen and consider what's important to Alex, he loves his birthday. So I always try to make an effort for that. He wanted to do this TAFE course, so bad. And so, I've sacrificed a lot for that.

I just don't think I want to open the can of worms right now, but for sure it needs to be opened and spilt onto the page. Many pages need to be dedicated to relationship. Perhaps, that could be my next big journalling project. It was incredibly helpful to journal recently and then speak my organised thoughts to Alex. It was productive worthwhile.

Journal Entry 50
2024-08-21

Journal entry 50 21st of August, Wednesday, 11 pm.

On parenting: Wednesdays are often the days I struggle most with Bowie. In fact, probably the days I struggle most with myself. Sometimes it's hard to have patience with him. Sometimes I just want him to comply. But then I remember Dr. Becky and I know we are aiming for cooperation, not compliance.

There are so many aspects of my parenting that I'm proud of. The fact that I follow unattachment parenting style co-sleeping, not forcing him to eat food he doesn't want to eat, enriching his life with beautiful and fun and engaging things and music. I want so desperately for him to be able to play independently, but he always wants to play with us.

But that makes so much sense. He is an incredibly social little being and we should honour and nurture that. He's also super smart. I'm always worried about people, including us, always commenting on how smart he is. And that he will get a complex but more than anything sometimes, I'm worried that I'm being a bad parent.

I'm worried about toilet training. I'm worried about putting shame on him. I worry about Alex's parenting, too. That Alex is often unaware that he sounds like he's telling Bowie off. That reminds me of my dad. I really love my dad but I didn't always like him as a parent.

Same goes for my mum. There's some things I just don't want to be like my parents. I want to be there, really be there for my child, really listen to them really honour their feelings. I'm worried that I'm so short on time and I get so impatient that I don't honour Bowie.

I think about how incredible it could be for me to not work and just have lazy, boring days with Bowie and maybe another child, I want another child. And I want 12 months maternity leave.

Journal Entry 51
2024-08-25

Journal entry 51. 25th of August Monday, 11 pm. 

Post Melbourne weekend. Speed run.

Wonderful stressful tiring rejuvenating, long weekend away in Melbourne, Winnie's birthday on Saturday. Nice party family, friends of family. So lovely for Bowie to hang out with his cousins.

It was a little challenging for me at Ben and Cece's Place. I felt like I had travelled back in time 15 years to dingy sharehouses. That and our hotel was really small and pokey. I do think I like the finer things in life. I'm not willing to make sacrifices to save money or even sometimes for over consumption reasons, ethical reasons. I like luxury. I like new things, I like being clean. My OCD was a little flared up. As soon as we got home today, I took Bowie to shower and then encouraged Alex to shower. Airport, Trams, cities - so many contaminants. I'd also love to fly a higher class in the plane.

I realised this weekend that some of my spending habits come from Kate Grieve. We went to Coles and everything went in the cart. I gave no thought to budgeting. the Duality of not wanting to overconsume versus not wanting a scarcity mindset. So many . I want to collect squishmallows for sensory and play reasons, but I don't want to pollute the Earth with textiles.

I want money in the bank, but I also wan Gachapon and donuts.

I want to be healthy but I also I want sugar and wine. I love the country and I love the city. I love tech and I love nature. Sometimes somehow can I find the best of both worlds? I saw KG and Michael and I thought about me being a Melbourne person with them.

I felt a bit stretched thin by the Keynes' family. Out of control Bowie was a threenager. Leaning into my love of toys, admiring Ben's record, collection, watching football at the rose pub, and being in a social environment. Working at a co-working space with Ally and Lara. It brought me back to the fun of the days of co-working at Hub and reminded me of the call and creative friends I met there. Also I want to get Botox

Journal Entry 52
2024-08-27

Journal entry 52. 27th of August Thursday, 10.35 PM. 


Pink Pony Club. I'm Gonna Keep On Dancing. 

For a while, I wondered if I was intrigued by Chappell Roan's career and her success as a performer. And as a musician Now, I wonder if I'm intrigued by the idea of Pink Pony Club.

I want to dress in drag and dance all night at the Pink Pony Club, an inclusive Club, where boys and girls can all be Queens. Clubbing seems so far away from my regular life. I wonder if I should organise a fun Winery day for my birthday this year, why not?

No one else will organise it for me and birthdays are fun.

Health and fitness: I want to be a muscle mummy and a Pilates princess. I want to invest in really, really good sneakers. Everything from the ground up, more core work, strengthen my back. I want to continue intuitive eating. Calorie counting makes me nervous, but I'd like to do a little cut / shred phase.

I'd like to have a session with the trainer to help me put together some fitness goals and a plan. I could also use chat GPT for that. I want to increase my fibre intake and keep it up. I want to be so, so healthy when I'm 60, 70, 80, and Beyond I want to get back into a skin care regimen.

I want Botox and I want my eyebrows microbladed. I want purple hair extensions. I want my core and back to be so strong. I want to finish the vagus nerve reset book and incorporate that I wanted meditation practise. So my mind is clear and strong and loving and grateful.

I don't want to have to rely on alcohol for state change. I want 10 000 steps per day. I want gym once per week, Pilates, or yoga. Once a week. I want to do Health experiments like with apple cider vinegar. I want to manage my blood sugar. I want happy hormones.

I want pain-free.

Journal Entry 53
2024-09-02

Journal entry 53. Second of September Monday, 12 pm.

Father's Day was this weekend. It was beautiful. The Berries family slept over on Saturday night and had breakfast and we had family over in the afternoon. Cleaning in between. robot vacuum is a lifesaver. I like having people and kids around all the time on the weekend.

Catering is a little bit stressful but I think I'll get better at it. Alana said about me, I'm a fun mum, and I liked that. I liked cuddling all three kids while we watched Luca and they were a little scared. 

Journal prompt: mental well-being. Sleeping 7 to 10 hours most nights is the number one thing for my mental well-being. Doing mindful mind body exercise work like yoga is beyond important. I have dropped off meditation but a podcast, I listen to on the weekend spoke of significant changes in people from meditation. Journalling practise, and my journalling protocol helps keep me on track. I'd also love to get off track, sometimes. I suppose, that's what holidays are for. I'd love to plan a holiday. I love keeping my spaces, clean tidy and organised perhaps with some dopamine Decor, Eating. Eating high quality, nutritious. Protein-rich high fibre foods is important for mental well-being. Reading and expanding my consciousness through ideas. Hosting people, entertaining people having Community around. Staying on top of my tasks and admin, so they don't overwhelm me. Managing my blood sugar. Spending significant time in nature. Spending high quality time with high quality, people. Being creative, doing creative projects, sharing my creative output asking for help receiving help, giving help.

Living in a circular way in circular economies. Understanding my triggers for over consumption. Understanding shopping disorders. Good resource management. Breathing, not overstuffing my schedule, not all the time. Helping to solve the world's problems. Getting excited about things. Events. Nurturing hugs, cuddles, some level of therapy or therapeutic practise. Taking time to heal when injured or sick feeling cared for feeling, loved feeling strong, feeling grateful, feeling cosy.

These are all things that are important for my mental well-being.

Journal Entry 54
2024-09-03

Journal entry 54. Third of September Tuesday, 11 A.M. 

I've been listening to Foundering postcast about Sam Altman and Open AI. It gets me excited about startups and the tech industry all over again. It brings me back to my co-working days, Hub Adelaide, Tedx, listening to the Startup Podcast, South Start. Something buzzers in me when I think about tech startups and companies that scale I think in one sense, it will be the demise of humans and then we can Embrace the apocalypse until then I think I side with Sam Altman, in trying to make it slightly less terrible for Humanity. The ship might be sinking, but we can play the violin. I also like the idea of power of influence and of running a startup. I have a little interest in government influence other than working with government.

This is more creative free market interest. What can we build and who can stop us? As interesting to me, that is So interesting to me, this is so interesting to me. Oh, it's interesting to me that this is interesting to me. 

Prompt: education and skills. I think the next few years for me is dedicated to raising young children on a farm. In this time, I want to get better at mindfulness and contemplative practise after that I can travel I can head back into cities. What do I want to be skilled up for for then I want to develop my powers of prediction looking to futurism and what that takes I think I need to get back into reading about economics.

I like speculative fiction too. I want to keep growing my Tech skills bigger and wider. I'd love to program some robotics and internet of things for hobby and Home Projects. Also love to document all of this on a Blog or something. I'd love to improve my writing skills or at least develop a writing practise.

I love writing. I'd love to get back into music so I can always have music. I want to develop the skills I need just-in-time-learning style for the projects I'm working on, and I think I need something formal about cyber security.

Journal Entry 55
2024-09-06

Journal entry 55, Friday, 6th of September 1.00Pm 

Question to answer through this practise: how am I complicit in creating the conditions I say I don't want? 

A few notes: we went to The Royal Show on Wednesday - fun exhausting so much childhood Nostalgia for me. Plus, I love the events.

I love events. I love the surge of humanity. Even the highly focused consumerism kind of tickles me. Mostly I like the exhibits. I caught up with Pip, Rob and James for Accountabilibuddies this morning. That will hands down be one of the best things I do in my life. Always such a trusted group.

Such deep conversation, such good insight to ourselves. I've been sick the past two days. It sucks reminded to myself to be patient and take healing steps. It's so worth it. A steam, a flu bomb, drink water, rest, Avoid ibuprofen and other meds as much as I can. 

Journal Prompt: knowledge. The only thing I know is the limit of my own knowledge. Did Plato say that? I'd love to have more historical knowledge so it could Inspire art. And also I could use it to draw threads for futurism. I'd like to be more knowledgeable about computer science So I don't feel like an imposter. I'd love to know more about cyber security because I think that it's so important Tech in computers. the history of economics Commerce, the history of stories, like Greek mythology the history of Music.

Maybe I could read more on these topics. I'd like enough gardening knowledge to successfully grow, a handful of things from seed. I pride myself on knowing modern parenting psychology. I would like to know more about the people important to me. Is knowledge power? I'd love to know more about money and finance about the machinations of the world society and systems and trade routes.

I'd like to know more of what? I don't know. I'd love to expand my mind and Consciousness. I like to go wide, not deep. Big picture, not details. Creativity. 

Sometimes, I think the truest time I've ever experienced creativity was on the beach at the shack, on mushrooms in the scrub and the paddocks taking photos, with my analogue camera. Arranging and rearranging objects. Finding sounds pulling wires on fences. I'd love to be able to tap into that creativity again without fear without expectation. Of course, there are creative projects. I'd love to do build a magical garden, host a party, write some music, create some children's entertainment, write fiction and non-fiction create collaborative art with friends and community.

I'd love to get lost in creativity, be able to capture my thoughts With images become obsessed about the details of a song. Create characters, make games, puzzles, quests for others, create a space, exploration Quest game for Bowie's birthday, space ranges, find space rocks, and other stuff. Create something bigger than myself that others can enjoy.

Also, I want to be more creative in my wardrobe and my self-expression. 

Passions: I feel disconnected from my passions and I'd love to fix that. I'm passionate about the following: I'm passionate, uh, I'm passionate about the ability of music to change your inner and outer worlds. I'm passionate about using Tech to create a better future.

I'm passionate about disruption rebellion change breaking fixing. I'm passionate about a healthy life for me and my family. Am I passionate about these things? I can speak passionately on many topics because I'm a passionate orator I suppose. I'm passionate about communicating the benefits of things that work for me, so others lives may be improved. 

Passion is a strong and barely controllable emotion. I'm passionate about helping people see the big picture that I can often. See, I feel passionate when I help someone learn a skill that they thought was hard, I'm passionate about empowering others and spreading excitement or spreading some kind of hope.

I'm passionate about really well designed and well-working systems. I'll keep my eyes and heart out for my passions. Reticulated activation system.


Journal Entry 56
2024-09-09


General entry 56, Monday, 9th of September 8.30 a.m. 

Habits: my Cornerstone habit is going to be morning exercise. I'd love to work towards 3:2:1 which is three days of strength training, two days of yoga or Pilates and one day of cardio, but I'm happy with four times per week, 30 minutes, yoga / strength training or walking right now.

I'll keep it to 20 minutes of yoga or 20 minute walk when I'm sick and then recovery, that's a habit for work days. Another Cornerstone habit is keeping my environment clean. Tidy clean and organised. This is three levels. 1: tidy and clean every day. 2 Organise once a week, 3. deep clean, once a fortnight monthly, create a cleaning chart, which I need a laminator for and need a daily close clean before bed.

If I'm not too tired, 30 minutes. Before bed habits, brush teeth brush hair, put my hair in a protective style, do my skin care. 30 minutes tidy in clean prep for the next day. 10 minutes of somatic exercise before bed, maybe take Metamucil or magnesium. When I'm sinus sick, do a sinus wash, daily, drink hot tea. In the morning, wash my face, do my skin care brush my hair get dressed. My Cornerstone exercise habit. Laundry is a daily habit. This includes putting clothes away. I need to do life admin at least twice a week. I need to check my email and workday so that includes my personal email. sunscreen is a daily habit.

I should make a habit of my standing desk desk, use the foam roller and the physio ball, do Qigong in the morning. I need a habit of breaking from coding. I need my meditation practise several times per week. Coding before bed is a bad habit. in bed by 10 pm is a good habit. Making my bed and tidying my bedroom is a daily habit. Reading in the evening Is a good habit. No screens first thing in the morning or last thing at night is a good habit. No sugar before midday is a good habit. I'd like to have better money habits.

I want to be better at staying on top of my finances, not spending Recklessly to fill the void. I'd like better habits around using fresh food so we don't have so much food waste. I'd like to have seasonal habits too, habits to throw off winter depression, gardening habits for spring summer and Autumn and seasonal events.

I'd like to do spiritual and energy work when I'm ovulating, especially if it's a full moon. Consider inward work like meditation when menstruating. Make social plans for weeks in the future, making social plans is a good habit.

Journal Entry 57
2024-09-11

Journal entry 57, Wednesday. 11th of September, 4 pm. 

I was thinking that maybe because I religiously watched the Oprah Winfrey show when I was in my teens and early twenties, I might have been brainwashed with Live Your Best Life. That seems like a good thing. 

I was sick with a cold last week and now, I'm battling secondary sinusitis. At least I know what's going on. And my surgery is booked and I can feel this sinusitis getting better still. I'm so tired. But I'm struggling to let go of momentum less I collapse entirely. Quote "make time for your health, otherwise you will be forced to make time for your illness."

I was listening to Spencer Krug, Moonface yesterday such a captivating musician. The Minotaur Forgiving songs will forever be some of my favourites. It got me interested in Greek mythology. Now, I'm loving the TV show KAOS and I want to read Mythos by Stephen Frye. 

Places and spaces: Right now, I am looking out over the golden afternoon at the farm while Alex is mowing and Graham is taking Bowie for a walk. Finally, it is my time to relax. The other day Bowie and I spent what felt like two hours adventuring around the dam searching for pirate treasure.

At times, it felt magical and real. I want to be able to access that more easily. I used to Daydream of spending time by a lake journalling and journeying to my own psychedelia. I think it's an Alice in Wonderland kind of thing. These days, I do some maladaptive daydreaming. It's mostly okay for helping me sleep, but sometimes it takes me away from real life.

Journal Entry 58
2024-09-15

Journal entry 58, 15th of September Sunday, 1 30 PM. 

I find it hard to invest in nice jewellery for myself, which is odd because I would, really like to. 

Short of having a good financial overview. I make quick and uninformed buying decisions. I'd rather put planning into it, but I'm overwhelmed at where to start.

I can't wait for my sinus surgery. I think this ongoing, sinus infection has been the root of my recent health troubles. Today, I started following a TikTkok account of a woman dressed so fun and fabulous. Her account said, "if you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space."

I'd love to get out of my wardrobe rut, once I'm sick less often and I can get to the gym, more and feel better about drawing attention to myself. I also need cool places to go and call people to spend time with. 


Journal entry 59 
2024-09-16

16th of September Monday, 8.30 a.m.

"How am I complicent in creating the conditions that I say I don't want?" 

I put up with Alex over and over again. I chose Alex as a partner because I felt rushed to have children and because I had been so traumatised and hurt by relationships in the past. I accept not being nurtured and cared for and I take other people's burdens because there's something from my childhood and my parents.

Not being truly seen or heard having my feelings dismissed not being validated. Is it now too much to expect my romantic partner to do that but I do feel when he's been sick, I put in all the work to have things under control, get food for him. Make sure Bowie is taken care of and try to take the burden off our Alex and give him permission to rest.

I get none of that. I'm still putting in 50% or more for the household. I'm still taking on all the stress of the property management. I'm still using my sick days to look after Bowie. It's almost inconceivable that he would take time off Tafe to look after Bo. I feel so drained from this sickness.

It was a two-day virus and then the secondary infection has been going on for a week. Now, it's recovery and I really want to get back to the gym but I'm not strong enough. Still this morning, I'll do a light healing yoga and then let Posey and Jen out, I'll start work by 9.15.

I still want to work. What do I do about Alex though? I don't know. The prompt was: How am I complicit in creating the conditions I say I don't want? I had a personal deadline of October to make big decisions about work and Alex. I have to decide whether it is worth trying to put in effort for the next couple of years, so I could possibly have another baby. Or if he will stay, and always will be a bit depressed, a bit anxious, never exercising and not caring about me other than how I make his life better.

Journal Entry 60
2024-09-17


Journal entry number 60. Tuesday, 17th of September, 10 pm. 

I caught up with Melliot yesterday she really made me feel seen and heard. There's huge value in that for me Mel is a good friend. I also feel like Alex has picked it up a little bit since he must have gotten the message that I was really sick but still feeling like I had to bring 50% to the household.

Reminder to myself that I want to do Brene Brown's, "I've got X percent" exercise with Alex on a regular basis. I've been working on a lot of Code Like a Girl dev this week because I'm so addicted to the coding and to getting it right. 

I just found out that 10 body weight squats, every 45 minutes can be good for your blood sugar.

I was thinking that I want an incredibly strong core glutes arms back and legs. I also do want to lose weight, 20 kilogrammes would be amazing. 

I'm loving spring in the flowers blooming the sun, it's delightful Alice in Wonderland. I should be sleeping but I'm always wakeful at the midpoint of my cycle.

I need the mental fortitude to go through another Wednesday especially while I'm sick. I've been having random flashbacks to childhood. Good memories.

Journal Entry 61
2024-09-18

Journal entry 61. Wednesday 18th of September, 10 pm. 

It's a full moon, and I'm at the ovulating part of my cycle. So, this is when I should be doing my spiritual work meditation, manifestation, Etc. But I have a sinus infection, so it is all tempered. All habits are tempered by illness.

I want to pull my limiting beliefs from this journal. I have limiting beliefs. Like, I'm too old. I'm too irrelevant. I'm from a small town. 

I want to find a way to smash them. I want to find real world examples, that challenge them and then immerse myself, in those examples with books movies Etc.

As for lifestyle, I want an automated smart home, connected tablets everywhere, a family calendar and database. Music, pumped through the house, Voice activation NFC's schedules. I love the idea of DIY robotics. And internet of things. I'd love to be a tinkerer and Adventure inventor and do projects. Maybe more on the software side.

I'd love to have a project like an app that funds my lifestyle, a passive income. I'm Keen to travel a little bit with purpose, for example, for work or a project or an event and then I want to return home and rest. I like the idea of a food Forest and a permacultural Community.

Tech and Robotics but make it DIY hacky home projects, like music boxes. Recently, I remembered that some of my favourite times were at McDonald's after Gang Show production meetings, We all had to blow off steam and we were already in a creative mood. Our code word was anteater. A laughed so much at our silliness and I loved the ritual.

It also made me think of Redbubble and how the anteater shirt actually sold. Maybe I could make some money. I think that passive income is high on my what I want list. I was also thinking that as Alex and I read books to Bowie that I do have a good sense for rhyme and cadence and I am a good speaker.

I'd love to put my voice to more use. That Returns me to Spotify stories idea. Maybe I can record and read Alice in Wonderland. I really like David Bowie.


Journal Entry 62
2024-09-20

Journal entry 62, Friday, 20th of September 4.30 p.m.

Career, career & lifestyle. I think I'll need to make a decision come October. I like having a tech career. It's kind of easy and it pays well, it can be flexible. My ideal job is remote friendly, flexible. Flexible hours, respected position, pays 150k or more more.

Ideally I can work four days a week or even less and still make the same money. I've thought of data annotation, as a means to an end, maybe some other schemes like stock photography. Ideally, I'd love a work less earn, more job have a few fun, travel opportunities to conferences and such come back to the farm, have time off lower my blood pressure, do some silly creative stuff like writing and robotics and music.

Have some personal projects like software that make passive income. Get good at finance and figure out how to retire early. Make big money quickly, then chill. Do fun stuff like art and permaculture. And do mentoring and hackathons.


Journal Entry 63
2024-09-23

Journal entry 63 Monday, 23rd of September, 12 pm. 

When it comes to work, I want to continue working for Code Like a Girl for a bit longer. I'd like to see a financial return for the effort I've put in Beyond my regular salary. I don't want to lose this job in December.

I want to keep the option going throughout early next year. I'm not ready to give it up. I'd like some opportunities to travel to conferences and expos, helping people to pitch this thing. Sometimes I think about high school and my high school friends and it seems like someone else's life.

I rarely think about my mum, probably because so much is so unprocessed, and I don't have space to process. Sometimes, I think about Jan-Louise and I feel really, really sad. Sometimes I think about Rob Margot Pip and James and how much I value them. Am I the sum of my parts and my experiences or am I an emergent phenomenon?

This afternoon I was at the dam again with Bowie in a duality of mind trying to be present and trying to mentally write Lambda functions.

Journal Entry 64
2024-09-26

Journal entry 64.

26th of September Thursday, 8. 30 a.m. 

I get so much from podcasts, my brain is so hungry for information and connection and podcasts are accessible to me as I go about day-to-day life of cleaning, exercise, Etc. I think I'll always be hungry for knowledge. I do try sometimes to unplug and just be with my own self and my brain. Especially when I'm dysregulated, I clutch to my phone and constantly. Open it seeking something I watch TikTok hoping for fulfilment, but it leaves me empty and void of actual nutrition. Still actually hungry like a bad burger or a salty snack. When what I need is rest, quiet, a whole food grain bowl, love hugs feeling safe, a hot shower and time.

Time to decompress. Bowie he has been asking for TV a lot recently and because I've been sick, I've been saying yes I'm now trying to push back - before you watch TV, what are three other things you can think of to do? I ask him if he's feeling dysregulated, maybe instead of TV, you need a deep breath, a cuddle, a drink of water, After that, go to TV.

I'd love to get back to a place of active boredom. But it's hard when he's dysregulated and I know just how it feels. I was listening to the Other World podcast and it was making me think about how my version of spirituality might be my interest in Consciousness. I love the science between brain wave entrainment, our brain, wave entrainment Out of body experiences meditation and yoga as spirituality.

We are all connected. going to the meditation group 15 plus years ago, is still a core memory for me so powerful. I feel like I've come close to achieving some sort of altered Consciousness, Some altered conscious states through meditation and yoga.

Just like finances, I need to turn some more energy towards spirituality.

Engineers can invent anything because they know the process of invention. A rocket scientist can invent food, for example. I'm a software engineer. What could I invent? I want to learn to be guided by my instincts, not by clock time or weekdays or calendar years. 

Sound is powerful. Infra sound is interesting.

I'd love a better system for sleep. Sounds pink noise. Brown noise. Etc. Pumped through the room. I think I need to spend $500 or around about on sneakers, each year, one pair for exercising, one pair for casual.

I do think I enjoy having structure to my days, I'm not so afraid of boredom when I put a time box on it and call it "active boredom", especially with Bowie. Sometimes I feel so bored spending time with him then I feel guilty and anxious because I know he still only going to be little for such a small amount of time. It's such a conflicting feeling.

I'd love to work on my wind down and be able to settle into a slower Pace sometimes.

Journal Entry 65
2024-09-27

Journal entry 65. 27th of September Friday, 9 pm. 

It's starting to feel crucial that I should develop a spiritual practise. I also want to become better friends with boredom. I can use binaural beats to access other states of Consciousness. I recently heard of trauma therapy as spirituality. My Shadow work in these journals has been intense an incredibly healing, also kind of fun. 

I'd like to develop a philosophy for my life. It does me well to remember the eight C's courage, calm, creativity curiosity, compassion connection Clarity confidence. Those are self. Yesterday, I walked into the Paddock in the golden afternoon sun with the song, Fake Plastic Trees blasting in my headphones.

Tom York's voice and the chords and the Cadences and arrangements, feel almost spiritual That felt like a spiritual practise. I'm sure that if I could develop a spiritual practise, I would feel less existential. Material things and successes don't help existentialism. Also a regulated nervous system will help that too is a constant practise My next journalling project can inspire can expand on this one. It will take some of the bigger topics and I will further journal on them. Explore even deeper what I want and why what do I want from my relationship? Dig into what community means to me and where I could find community and grow community. Play with more creative writing and creative ideas.

Go broader. this journal is just the start. expand my Consciousness through writing. Journal about my meditation practise journal on my philosophies in life, why my habits are important. Journal to manifest over and over. gratitudes. What new discoveries did I make in this journal? What patterns did I find? I need to go deeper on those if I've found something.

I like E.G a podcast. I need to go deep. Deep on why I like that thing? What are the characteristics of it? There's so much to explore.

Journal Entry 67
2024-09-29

Journal entry 66. 29th of September Sunday, 10.30 PM. 

I know I should go to bed earlier. I spent all weekend thinking about coding and getting functionality ready by SXSW. I hope this fixation finishes once we're out South by Southwest. I want to spend the weekend in the moment, being with my family.

I fell into bed with Bowie and Alex tonight, my nervous system, a little bit rattled, letting waves of existentialism flow over me.

I need to try to let the feelings move through my body.

As far as I know we get one life to live. I want to live it, not thinking about building functionality to pull data from a database and getting interfaces to work. It has to be better than this despite this I'm still feeling that I want to keep my job with Code Like a Gir. I want the flexibility. It's so valuable to me right now. I like my co-workers. I like coming to work. The paycheck is good. It could be better. I like the working conditions. I wish I could get maternity leave. No wonder I feel existential when I feel like time is running out. Both the code like a girl and for me to have another baby I might have to grieve both of these things soon.

So, perhaps I'm trying to distract myself with code But I want to be more president. I want to be more present with my precious toddler and I want to have real connections with Alex. One life, maybe there's more But it's really worth living this life. I think I'm also dysregulated because my ear is still blocked.

It throws off my whole proprioception, I want to be healthy, I want to heal my ear. I want my ear to be good and well and healthy. The univer, the universe rewards, the specific ask. I said, once I wanted to go to South by Southwest, And now I'm going to the Expo in Sydney, not Austin. Not the full conference. I said, I needed a big diamond from my life partner and now with Alex, I have a big Diamond tattoo on my leg, we have matching tattoos, I need specific asks from this journal specifically, I want to find contentment joy and presence every day.

Journal Entry 67
2024-10-01

General entry 67, first of October, Tuesday, 4 pm. 

I want to lose weight but more so I want to change my body composition. I want better posture. I did a strength class at the gym today, and it felt so good. I want to keep doing it. I'm afraid if I start counting calories, then I'll fall into an eating disorder.

But I'd love to naturally work towards a calorie deficit through. More exercise, more protein, fibre, vegetables, Whole Food and mindful eating. Phil Rosenthal on Pete Holmes's podcast said, "you literally have to write your own ticket". That means no one is going to hand you an opportunity from on high.

You make your own opportunities.

Tony Robinson, says something like, "if you're asking yourself what you want and why you want it, you're in the top one percent of people". That's what I'm doing here, reticulated activation system, manifestation, whatever you want to call it. We have to make our own magic and watch the world with dazzling eyes.


