Findings:

 In every area of my life, I can divide things into short-term actions habits to develop fears to conquer trauma to process medium and long-term goals . These lists are incomplete but the start of a framework .  I want to write about my fears, desire, habits, traumas . In every area of my life, I can divide things into short-term actions habits to develop fears to conquer trauma to process medium and long-term goals .  I want to gentle once and desires desired State, gratitudes goals, aspirations, and aspirations, fears, bad, and good habits, and limiting beliefs . Perhaps I can categorise all of these thoughts into those categories .  I want to gentle once and desires desired State, gratitudes goals, and aspirations, fears, bad, and good habits, and limiting beliefs . Perhaps I can categorise all of these thoughts into those categories . I want money to feel comfortable and safe .  My bad money habits are: not being across my finances or being afraid of them, not being in charge or being the boss, letting myself waste money because I'm afraid to know the whole picture . I want to not work so hard for every dollar I earn .  I'd love to have enough money to support my life without working. Then I would make art and dedicate my skills to hackathons. My money habits are kind of cyclical. I need to remind myself that I make a good income. So I save for a few weeks .  PMDD. I'm almost mid-cycle now, and I'm starting to feel a little sleepy now, after magnesium, hot chocolate, somatic, exercise and journalling . Reading suggests limit caffeine, limit sugar, limit alcohol, increased protein increased .  Everything in my life is a TikTok folder. I guess that's a holiday from my life and from my habits. Slowing down, being happy with what I have. Not needing to fill my brain 24/7 with TikTok and podcasts. How long would it take me to break the addiction - three days?  I guess that's a holiday from my life and from my habits . Not needing to fill my brain 24/7 with TikTok and podcasts . How long would it take me to break the addiction - three days?  So I can give the universe a specific request instead of a vague ask . Collate good habits and identify bad habits . Unearth and work through my fears so I can be less afraid .  As much as possible, I am respectful, and I appreciate those who came before me . Still, I love to challenge the status quo and that's something I quite like about myself . I have small rituals. I know the power of ritual and a good habits, and keeping yourself healthy as a number one priority .  I think I have some trauma related to finances that I want to get past and want to actually make money . For example, practise the piano daily for two weeks and then decided, if I wanted to continue . This has worked in the past .  Kate Grieve gave no thought to budgeting when she went to Coles and bought everything in the cart . As soon as we got home today she took Bowie to shower and then encouraged Alex to shower . I'd also love to fly a higher class in the plane .  My Cornerstone habit is going to be morning exercise . I'd love to work towards 3:2:1 which is three days of strength training, two days of yoga or Pilates and one day of cardio . I'll keep my eyes and heart out for my passions .  Before bed habits, brush teeth brush hair, put my hair in a protective style, do my skin care . 30 minutes tidy in clean prep for the next day . 10 minutes of somatic exercise before bed, maybe take Metamucil or magnesium .  I want to be better at staying on top of my finances, not spending Recklessly to fill the void . I'd like to do spiritual and energy work when I'm ovulating, especially if it's a full moon .  I want to be better at staying on top of my finances, not spending Recklessly to fill the void . I'd like to have seasonal habits too, habits to throw off winter depression, gardening habits for spring summer and Autumn and seasonal events .  I'd like to do spiritual and energy work when I'm ovulating, especially if it's a full moon . Consider inward work like meditation when menstruating . I want to be better at staying on top of my finances .  This is when I should be doing my spiritual work meditation, manifestation, etc. But I have a sinus infection, so it is all tempered . All habits are tempered by illness .  Journal about my meditation practise journal on my philosophies in life, why my habits are important . Journal to manifest over and over. expand my Consciousness through writing .

Recommendations:

divide things into short-term actions habits write gentle gentle I want to not work so hard for every dollar I earn make art and dedicate my skills to hackathons sleepy Slowing down break the addiction - three days Collate good habits and identify bad habits challenge the status quo practise the piano daily for two weeks shower keep my eyes and heart out for my passions do my skin care do spiritual and energy work staying on top of my finances staying on top of my finances spiritual work meditation expand my Consciousness through writing